69 miles away, huh? Well that's ironic...
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because you’re causing a political uprising in my pants
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get in your pants.
Are you Jewish? Cause the way you're looking at me, I'm beginning to think Jewish this dick was in your mouth.
Are you my appendix? Because this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Are you the SAT? Cause I’d do you for 3 hours and 45 minutes, with a ten minute break in the middle for snacks.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Before I hit on you, do you have a problem with large genitalia?
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Did you know you're the hottest (insert generic name here- Jessica, Stacy, Mike, etc) on Tinder?
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you believe in love at first swipe?
Do you ever just lie down at night, look up at the stars and think about all the messed up things in the world? Like why is there a 'D' in 'fridge' but no 'D' in 'refrigerator'?
Do you have a job? I need a woman who can support me while I play video games all day.
Do you have a personality as attractive as your eyes?
Do you like Nintendo? Cause Wii would look good together.
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
Do you work at build-a-bear? Because I’d stuff you.
Does this mean I won't be a virgin by the end of the week?
Going to Whole Foods, want me to pick you up anything?
Hey gorgeous, will you be my Tinderella?
Hey, we're a match! Does this mean we're dating now? Give me a second, I need to change my Facebook relationship status.
How many times have you pictured me naked since we matched?
I could’ve called heaven and asked for an angel, but I was hoping you’re a slut instead.
I hope you know that I am 100% committed to this tinder relationship
I never saw you coming and I'll never be the same.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I usually go for 8's but I guess I'll settle for a 10.
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
I've had a crush on you for 2 hours.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
If I were a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seeds?
If I were an NES cartridge would you blow me?
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
Is your name Daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Is your personality as angelic as your hair?
Judging by your hair, you seem like a girl who likes to do anal.
Maybe you can help me. I forgot the password to my account, and when I hit 'password hint,' it keeps telling me 'Jessica’s phone number.'
My parents are so excited, they can't wait to meet you!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, We're a match on Tinder, So I think we should screw.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
Sit on my face and I’ll eat my way to your heart.
Sorry, the position for Spanish teacher has been filled. What I'm looking for at the moment is a bedroom acrobatic teacher.
That’s a nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
They say Tinder is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Want to come over to my place and watch porn on my flat screen mirror?
We're a match! The next step is to pick a wedding date, right?
What are the chances I see you naked tonight?
What’s a smart, attractive, young man like myself doing without your number?
You don't know how many times I had to swipe left to find you!
You must be a small amount of red phosphorus and I must be a tiny wooden stick… Because we're a match.
You want to know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
YOU. NUMBER. NOW.
You're so gorgeous that you made me forget my good pickup line.
You've got the best smile on tinder. I bet you use Crest.
You’re coming over tonight to watch Game of Thrones and make out.
You’re not a vegan, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.
You’re the type of girl I’d let sit on my face for a long period of time.
(As she is leaving) Hey aren’t you forgettinggg something? (What?) Me!
(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
(Excuse me?) It’s dangerous for someone like you to be out in public with all of these horny people around. Don’t worry, I’ll protect you.
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
(Leaning over to whisper) I think about you when I masturbate.
(Look down at the crotch) It’s not just going to suck itself.
(Put your fingers on the other’s nipples) Hey, here’s (name), comin’ at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?
(She asks you the time) Its two flirty and the date’s with you and me.
(Stare at her until she says What!?!) It isn’t just gonna suck itself.
(steps on some ice) Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
(Use index finger to call someone over then say) I made you come with one finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand.
(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!
[Excuse me, do you have the time?] Yes, do you have the energy?
[Give the person a bottle of wine or tequila] Drink this, and then call me when you’re ready.
[Grab his/her tush.] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, What are you doing? You respond: Yep! Made in heaven!
[man] Excuse me, would you like to dance? [women] NO! [man] Maybe u didn’t hear me…. I said u look really fat in those pants!
[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
[Take an ice cube to the bar, smash it, and say] Now that I’ve broken the ice, will you sleep with me?
[Walk into her chest] If they weren’t sooo large, it wouldn’t have happened!
[What are you doing?] I’m taking off my shoes. [Why?] So I can take off my pants.
8 Planets, 1 Universe, 1.735 billion people, and i end up with you.
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her  I will stop loving you when all the roses die
A face without freckles is like a night sky without stars.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Although you seem content, you also seem quite alone over here. Can I interrupt your reverie?
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Are my undies showing? [No.] Would you like them to?
Are those diamonds real? [YES] I was talking about the ones in your eyes.
Are those fuck me eyes, or fuck you eyes?
Are those Guess jeans? ‘Cause guess who wants to get into ’em.
Are those lumberjack pants your wearing? They are giving me a wood.
Are those pants on sale? Cause they’re 100% off at my place!
Are those space pants? Because your ass is out of this world!
are those space pants? because your ass is outta control.
Are we related? Do you want to be?
Are you a 90 degree angle ? Cause you are looking right!
Are you a bad load of laundry? You make my pants feel two sizes too small.
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
Are you a Disney princess? Cause you’re cinderHella fine!
Are you a farmer? No, ‘because you sure know how to raise a cock.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
Are you a horse? (No) Can I ride you anyway?
Are you a Hurricane [name]? Cause you’re blowing me away.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a light switch? ‘Cause you turn me on!
Are you a lumberjack? Because you just gave me wood!
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because there’s a political uprising in my pants
Are you a nobody? Because nobody’s prefect.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
Are you a Pokemon?? because i’d sure like to pikachu!!
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Are you a Snitch? Because you're the finest catch here.
Are you a tamale? ‘Cause you’re hot.
Are you a tortilla? Because I want to flip you over and eat you out!
You look exactly like my future ex-wife.
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
I know where they give out free drinks. [Where?] My House!
You’d be so much more cute if you had my money. [whatever she replies] Sorry I don’t date gold diggers!
I might be ugly but I’ll treat you right!I just want to tell you that you’re really beautiful [pause] but I’m gay.You dropped something! What? (Point at the ground) Your standards.There are 8 planets in the universe, but only 7 after I destroy UranusCan you touch me? I want to tell my friends I was touched by an Angel.You look like my mom!I saw you girls from over there and just want to let you know that I’m taken.When I was walking by, I noticed you stalking so.. what’s up?You want to know what’s big? (Pause) My house you weirdo!I just want to let you know how beautiful you are and was wondering if you could buy me a drink?
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Are you a virgin? (No.) Prove it!
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
Are you an exception? I bet I can catch you.
Are you an interior decorator? ‘Cause when I saw you, the room became beautiful.
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Are you an orphanage? Cause I want to give you kids.
Are you anorexic? Oh, OK, then I’ll understand if you spit.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
Are you busy tonight at 3:00 A.M.?
Are you Cinderella? Cause’ I see that dress coming off at midnight!
Are you cold? (Yes) You want a jacket? (Sure) Well, not here, you can jack it when you get back to my room.
Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I’ll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate… Well, here I am!
Are you cold? You should be; you’ve been naked in my mind all night.
Are you flappy bird? Cause I could tap you all night
Are you form Tennessee? Cause you’re the only ten I see!
Are you free tonight or am I gonna have to pay?
Are you from Iraq? ‘Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Are you from Ireland? ‘because my dick’s-a-Dublin!
Are you from Japan? Cause I’m tryna get in Japanties.
Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re russian my heart rate!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
Are you gay? (No.) Wow, me neither, let’s have sex.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you going to the party tonight (what party?) The one in your mouth, everybody’s cumming.
Are you harembes enclosure? Cause i’ll drop a kid inside of you!
Are you in to Casual Sex or should I dress up?
Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
Are you menstruating? If so, I know how to insert tampons.
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you’re sexy!
Are you religious? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
Are you sure you’re not an alien because you’ve just abducted my heart!
Are you the lottery lady on TV, because I’m picturing you holding up my balls.
Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?
Are you vaporizing from a solid state? Because you are sublime.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'because you look sweet and delicious.
Are your knees dirty? I don’t want to get my floor dirty.
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Are your parents retarded,  you sure are special.
Aren’t you the girl/guy who is having sex with that really good looking guy/girl? (No.) Want to be?
As long as i have a face, you will always have a place to sit.
As she’s leaving….Hey aren’t you forgettinggg something? She: What? Me!
As you walk by, turn around and say: Excuse me, did you just touch my ass? No. Damn!
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
At the dinner table, (if you eat together) pick up the bread and say, want to roll?
At the office copy machine Reproducing eh? Can I help?
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
Baby I’m like a firefighter I find them hot and leave them wet.
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
Baby you’re a sex crime waiting to happen.
Baby, every time i see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Baby, I’m an American Express lover…you shouldn’t go home without me.
Baby, I’m like a firefighter, I find ’em hot and leave ’em wet!
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call FINE PRINT!
Baby, Ive got and eight inch tounge and i can breathe through my ears.
Baby, you are everything I never knew I always wanted.
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Baby, you’re like a championship bass. I don’t know whether to mount you or eat you!
Baby, you’re so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Baby, you’re so sweet, you put Hershey’s outta business.
Baby… want to come for a ride?
Bathsheba had nothing on you.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Believe it or not, gettingg’ laid is still hard when you’re this good-looking.
Bible-Gateway happens to be my homepage.
Bond
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.
Can I be the wiener in your hotdog?
Can I borrow 70 cents? (No) Then how about 69. I’m sure you can offer 69.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
Can I impregnate you with my Demon spawn?
Can I please be your slave tonight?
Can I see your tan lines?
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
Can I stir your drink? Mind if I use my dick?
Can I take you to the Bone-yard?
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
Can I walk through your bushes and climb your mountains?
Can you believe it? It’s been more than fifteen minutes since I’ve had sex.
Can you believe that just a few hours ago we’d never even been to bed together?
Can you give me a tour of your body?
Can you help me find my puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room.
Can you help me with my science assignment? I need to know how to get to Uranus.
Can you keep a secret? I’m trying to organize a prison break. I’m looking for, like, an accomplice. We have to first get out of this bar, then the hotel, then the city, and then the country. Are you in or you out?
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
Can you tell me how my cum tastes?
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
Charzards are red Squitals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Clothes look heavy on ya, want me to relieve some?
Come back to my place so I can give you a lovely parting gift.
Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access.
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Congratulations! You’ve been voted Most Beautiful Girl In This Room and the grand prize is a night with me!
Could I touch your belly button…from the inside?
Could you do me a favor? Could you get on your knees and smile like a donut?
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that…your numbers not in it.
Damn girl I’d love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
Damn Girl is your name Wifi ? Because I’m feeling a connection!
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
Damn girl, your legs go all the way up and make and ass of themselves!
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
Damn, I thought Very-Fine only came in a bottle!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!
dance? Well…Let me read you the story tonight when I tuck us into bed!
Darn girl you even look good with the lights on!
Did god take the thunder out the skys and put it in your thighs?!
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Cause obviously you landed on your face
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
Did something bad happen to you or are you just naturally ugly.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
Did you fall from heaven? Cause your face is pretty messed up!
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
Did you get those pants at 50% off? Cause they are 100% off at my place!
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Did you just sit in a water puddle, or are you just happy to see me?
Did you know that I saved a girl’s life last night? (No.) I pulled a 6 inch piece of meat out of her mouth to save her life. Can I save your life?
Did you know that the word ‘motel’ spelled backwards means ‘letom’?
Did you make me your horcrux? Because my heart stopped when I met you.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.
Did your father have sex with a carrot? Cause you’ve got nice eyes.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Didn’t anyone tell you that you wanted to sleep with me?!?! I thought you knew…
Didn’t I do your sister?
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Didn’t You Wear That Yesterday?
Dinner first? No? Hey, if we’re gonna have sex I gotta eat!
Do I know you? (No.) That’s a shame, I’d sure like to.
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
Do you believe in helping the homeless? [If yes] Take me home with you.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Do you bleach your teeth? ‘Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let’s go prove it.
Do you come here often?
Do you have a band-aid? (No,why) Because I just scraped my knee falling for you!
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a beard on your pussy/asshole? (No.) Want one?
Do you have a can opener? My dick is about to pop.
Do you have a map? Because I just keep gettinggg lost in your eyes!
Do you have a map? Because I just keep on gettinggg lost in your eyes.
Do you have a map? Because I keep gettinggg lost in your eyes!
Do you have a map? I'm gettinggg lost in your eyes.
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? Because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you have a shovel? Cause I’m diggin’ that ass!
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Do you have an eraser? Because I can’t get you out of my mind.
Do you have any Irish in you? (if no.) Would you like some? (if yes.) Want some more?
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Do you have any raisins? Well, then how about a date?
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
Do you have any tacos on you? (No.) In that case, will you make out with me?
Do you have rubbers at your house or should I pull out?
Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
Do you know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie-pop?
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kicking.
Do you know the difference between my penis and a chicken leg? No? Well, let’s go on a picnic and find out!
Do you know the essential difference between sex and conversation? (No.) Do you want to go upstairs and talk?
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Do you know what part of the tongue registers the salty taste? Why don’t you blow me and find out?
Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? [No] Wink.
Do you know what would look good on you? Me.
Do you know your ABC’s? Cause I want to give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
Do you know, your hair and my pillow are perfectly color coordinated.
Do you like blueberries or strawberries, because I want to know what kind of pancakes to order in the morning.
Do you like cheesy lines or do you just want to do it?
Do you like cherries? [No.] Ok, can I have yours?
Do you like chicken? Sorry, I haven’t got any, how about a cock?
Do you like Harry Potter? Because I a-Dumbledore you!
Do you like jewels? (Yes.) Suck my dick, it’s a gem.
Do you like jigsaw puzzles? Let’s go to my room and put our pieces together.
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.
do you like pancakes? well how about IHOP on that ass.
Do you like raisins? How about a date?
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Do you like short love affairs? I hate them. I’ve got all weekend.
Do you like soda? Because I’d mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)
Do you like to dance? Well then, could you go dance so I can talk to your friend?
Do you like whales? Well I have a hump-back at my place.
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Do you mind if I hang out here until it’s safe back where I farted?
Do you need prayer? because I am certainly willing to lay hands on you.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that’s right, we’ve only met in my dreams.
Do you sleep on your stomach? [No] Can I?
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Do you think a relationship between you and I would be all sex, or do you think that there would be some depth to it
Do you want to come dance with the big bad wolf? [ No! ] Its okay, the other two pigs said no too!
Do you want to come to the Marines, or would your rather have a Marine come into you?
Do you want to do something that rhymes with ‘Truck’?
Do you want to lick my tongue?
Do you want to see why my nickname is ‘tri-pod’?
Do you want to come over to my place and feed your beaver some wood?
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Does your ass
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
Don’t say you love me if you don’t mean it. Because I might do something stupid like believe it.
Don’t sweat the petty things… pet the sweaty things!
Don’t worry, I don’t get emotionally involved. It’s just physical.
Don’t you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? (Yes.) In that case, mind if I check your oil level?
Dose it matter where here is if I’m there?
Erections like these don’t grow on trees you know.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Even if there wasn’t any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Ever slept in a $5000 bed? Want to?
Ever tried those weird prickly condoms? (sure to get responses)
Every minute I spend with you is like being in heaven and looking in an angel’s eyes.
Every time you speak to me, you take my breath away; every time you touch me, my body tingles. I want to get to know you and cherish the chemistry we have forever.
Excuse me M’am, you dropped a piece of ass, let me get that for you. (then grab her ass)
Excuse me,
Excuse me, are you ready to go home yet?
Excuse me, but do you give head to strangers? [No] Well then, allow me to introduce myself.
Excuse me, but does my tongue taste funny to you?
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Excuse me, but I have the mother load and was wondering if you had a place
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. My jaw!
Excuse me, but I’m new in town; can I have directions to your place?
Excuse me, but would you like an orally stimulated orgasm?
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there (What?) This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Excuse me, do I need to buy a ticket for your fantastic voyage?
Excuse me, do you believe in one night stands?
Excuse me, have I fucked you yet?
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Excuse me, I don’t want you to think I’m ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it’s just a sparkle.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Excuse me, I’d like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Excuse me, I’m a little short on cash, would you mind if we shared a cab home together?
Excuse me, I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your house?
Excuse me, I’ve seem to have lost my virginity, can I have yours?
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
Excuse me, is it true that you’re a sexual tyrannosaurus?
Excuse me, is that semen in your hair?
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Excuse me. Do you have chicken in your fridge? (yes) How big are your breasts?
Excuse me. I seem to have misplaced my willy-warmer. Do you mind if I try you on for size?
Excuse me. I’m from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I’m going to have to ask you to assume the position.
Excuse me… You have something on your ass. My eyes. ;-)
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven’t we met before?
Fancy a fuck?
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Fascinating. I’ve been looking at your eyes all night long, because I’ve never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Feel my shirt. Know what it's made of? Boyfriend material.
Find a girl at the bar, walk over to her, and say you put the ‘hot ass’ in my shot glass.
First I played hard to get, now he is playing hard to forget.
First, I’d like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I’ll move up to your belly button.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
For you I would slay two Goliaths.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let’s play gynecologist.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Free mammograms, get your free mammograms here, get ’em while they’re hot!
Fuck me if I am wrong, but you want to screw me, don’t you?
Fuck me if i’m wrong but isn’t your name Gretchen?.
Fuck me if I’m wrong, but don’t you want to kiss me?
Fuck me, I’m beautiful enough to be with you all night.
Gee, that’s a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
Gimme some sugar, baby.
Girl do you have a shovel in that back pocket? Cause I’m digging that ass!
Girl you so fine I wish I could plant you and grow a whole feild of y’all!
Girl you so hot, if you had to enter Antarctica you’d cause a melt down.
Girl you’re like a car accident, cause I just can’t look away.
Girl, are those space pants? Cause your butt is out of this world!
Girl, are you a cop? [No] Cause you’re America’s Finest
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
Girl, if I were a fly, I’d be all over you, because you’re the shit!
Girl, if you were a porch I’d take out all the nails and screw ya.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken!
Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.
Girls are sexy, guys are fine I’ll be your six if you’ll be my nine!
Give me elbow. (after they give you elbow, leave your hand up) Give me shoulder. (after they give you shoulder, leave your hand up) Give me nose. (after they give you nose, leave your hand up) Give me head.
Go up to a someone at a bar or a dance and ask her: do you want a fuck…
God has made you beautiful, smart, and understanding, all I can hope for is that you understand how much I adore you and want to share my life experiences with you.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
Got a soggy bun for a lonely weenie?
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
Guy pulls out a quarterif i flip this coin what are the chances of me gettinggg head?
Guy: I bet you’re a C-cup. Girl: How’d you know that? Guy: My testicles are the same size.
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
Happy hour’s over but it’s still going strong at my place.
Harry Potter may be the Boy Who Lived, but you're my Chosen One.
Have sex with me and I promise never to talk to you again!
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
Have you ever heard of the naked pretzel? Ok, sit on my magical lap and we’ll see what rises.
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets inside out….) Would you like to?
Have you ever played Spank the brunette? Want to try?
Have you ever played leap frog naked??
Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.
Have you seen my enormous jar of Penis Reducing Cream?
He: Hi, what’s the color of your hair? She: (tells him) He: And the hair on your head?
He: Well then, would you sleep with me for 20 cents? She: No, what kind of woman do you think I am? He: We’ve established what kind of woman that you are, we’re just haggling over the price.
He: Would you sleep with me for 20 million dollars? She (sheepishly): Yes. He: Well then, would you sleep with me for 20 cents? She: No, what kind of woman do you think I am? He: We’ve established what kind of woman that you are, we’re just haggling over the price.
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say happily.
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn’t hear you say happily.
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn’t ask you how you looked!
Hello, can I offer you eight inches of strength and sensitivity?
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
Hello, I’m doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?’, ‘What’s your sign?’, or ‘Hello, I’m doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.’?
Hello, love, do you spit or swallow?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Hello. I have sex on the first date. Do you?
Here's my number... Call me if you need prayer.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
Here’s $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
HERE’S 10p GO AND PHONE YER MAM AND TELL HER YOU WOAN’T BECOMING HOME TONITE!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I’m asking for is one from you.
Hey babe- pretend my pants is France and invade them.
Hey babe, how about a pizza and a f**k? [No] What’s wrong, don’t you like pizza?
Hey babe, want to get LUCKY!?!?!!
Hey babe, want to sample my DNA?
Hey baby there’s a party in my pants and you are invited!
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
Hey baby you’re so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what’s your name?
Hey baby, are you like Sprite because you make me want to obey my thirst.
Hey baby, as long as I have a face, you’ll have a place to sit.
Hey baby, do you believe in love at the first sight, or should I walk by again.
Hey baby, I must be a light switch, because every time I see you, you turn me on!
Hey baby, I think you just made my two by four into a four by eight.
Hey baby, I’d like to herd by cattle in your fertile valley.
Hey baby, I’ll fuck you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we’re done.
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
Hey baby, let’s go make some babies.
Hey baby, let’s play house, you can be the door and I’ll slam you all night long!
Hey baby, want to play lion? You go kneel down right there and I’ll throw you my meat.
Hey baby, what do you say we go behind that rock and get a little boulder?
Hey baby, what’s your sign? Caution, slippery when wet, dangerous curves ahead, or yield?
Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
Hey Baby, you want to come to my house and work on your math skills? We can add the bed, subtract the cloths, divide the legs and multiply!
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
Hey baby, you’ve got something on your butt – my eyes!
Hey Baby! I’d like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
Hey baby. Why don’t you come sit on my lap and we can talk about the first thing that pops up?
Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.
Hey baby… you got any diseases? Want some?
Hey baby…can you suck a golf ball through 50 feet of garden hose?
Hey cutie, want to go halves on a baby?
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
Hey girl, feel my sweater. Know what that’s made of ? Boyfriend material.
Hey good lookin’, whatcha got cookin’? Nuthin could be finer than the taste of your vagina!
Hey gorgeous ! I’ve just finished studying the book of numbers. But I noticed I don’t have yours.
Hey how many boyfriends have you had? (Like 10 I Think) Could I Make That 11?
Hey I am a wrestler, let me take you down.
Hey I see your wearing clothes, I’m wearing clothes, you know we have something in common we should get together and do something sometime.
Hey I’m looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
Hey pretty, do you want to date me ? Yes=Smile. No=Backflip
Hey so you want to see some magic? You and I will go to your place have sex and I’ll disappear in the morning.
hey sugar tits
Hey there, I just took some Cialis and I have 18 hours left.
Hey, are those jeans? because they’re blue!!
Hey, are you hiring? I really need a blowjob.
Hey, baby, want to lock crotches and swap gravy?
Hey, do you exercise? Can I be your thighmaster?
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, don’t I know you? Yeah, you’re the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.
Hey, I’m new in town.
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Hey, my seamen has the SPF of 30, care to rub some on your face?
Hey, you want to do a 68? You go down on me, and I’ll owe you one.
Hey, you’ve got a lawyer’s ass. Yip, it’s firm.
Hey! want to play war? (replies) WHAT? (you) Yea, I lay on the ground and you blow the fuck outta me!
Hey! Ya want to try out my new ‘Home Artificial Insemination Kit?’
Hey. Do you have that Hawiian Disease? What? Comeoniwant tolayya.
Hey. My friends wanted me to come over here and ask you if they were fake. Can I sqeeze them to find out?
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under Shazaam!?
Hey… Didn’t I see your name in the dictionary under Shazaam!?
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
Hey… somebody farted. Let’s get out of here.
Hi my name is _______, remember it, cause you’ll be screaming it all night
Hi my name is (your name), did I mention I have a penis?
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Hi, do you dissect insects for scientific research? (No, why?) I thought you
Hi, do you speak English? (yes.) Oh, me too.
Hi, do you want to have my children? (assuming the answer is ‘no’), OK then, can we just practice?
Hi, do you want to have my children? [No] OK, can we just practice then?
Hi, I
Hi, I am your slave, take me home and mistreat me.
Hi, I have big feet.
Hi, I just wanted to give you the satisfaction of turning me down; go ahead say no.
Hi, I was just wondering? Do you wipe front-to-back or back-to-front?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, I’m a necrophiliac, how good are you at playing dead?
Hi, I’m doing a survey …What’s your name? What’s your phone number? Are you free next Saturday?
Hi, I’m gay. Do you think you can convert me?
Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
Hi, I’m new to this country and you are the prettiest sight I’ve see so far.
Hi, I’m the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back?
Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, I’ve been undressing you with my eyes all night long, and think it’s time to see if I’m right.
Hi, my name is ______________. I eat pussy like a woman.
Hi, my name is Milk. I’ll do your body good.
Hi, my name is Doug. That's god spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Hi, my name is Doug. That’s god spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Hi, my name is Pogo, want to jump on my stick?
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Hi, my name’s ______________. You might want to remember it now, because you’ll be screaming it later!
Hi, sorry I don’t have an opening line but since you have an opening and I have a line. . .
Hi, want to f**k? [No] Mind lying down while I do?
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
Hi. I’m an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
Hi. I’m horny.
Hold out two fingers and say: Why should a woman masturbate with these two fingers? (I don’t know.) Cause they’re mine sweetheart.
Honey, your dad doesn’t have a penis. He’s got a paintbrush!
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
How about we play lion and lion tamer? You hold your mouth open, and I’ll give you the meat!
How about you be my story and I’ll be your climax!
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in this place?
How is it that I know so many digits of Pi, yet I know 0 digits of your phone number?
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh… you just look hot to me.
How many times do I have to walk around you to make you fall for me?
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice… Hi, I’m (insert name here).
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
How much will $20 get me?
How was heaven when you left it?
How would you like to have a sexual encounter so intense it could conceivably change your political views?
How would you like to join my Purpose Driven Life?
How YOU doin
Hypothetically speaking, if I were to fuck you, would you let me?
I am participating in the Sexual Olympics multiple orgasm relay race my partner just died of exhaustion. Would you like to help me out?
I am writing a new algorithm, and I need some test data. What are your measurements?
I believe one of my ribs belongs to you.
I bet I can kiss you on the lips without touching you. (kiss her) oh.. seems like I lost the bet.
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I bet you $20 you’re gonna turn me down.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I can play the 1812 Overture on a touchtone phone with my tongue.
I can sense that you’re a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a little.
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is good bye.
I can’t believe I’ve been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find ‘The One’, all I have time to say is good bye.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I could use some spare change and you’re a dime.
I cum in 5 seconds, you won’t even know I was there.
I didn't know angels flew this low.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
I didn’t believed in heaven, until I saw you.
I didn’t know that angels could fly so low!
I didnt believe in predestination until tonight.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
I don’t have a girlfriend, but I do know a woman who would be mad at me for saying that.
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don’t know what you are doing to me, but every time I look at you I can’t stop smiling.
I don’t know what you think of me, but I hope it’s X-rated.
I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I don’t know you, and you don’t know me, but who’s to say it’s wrong if we sleep together?
I don’t know you, but I think I love you already.
I enjoy doing maintenance, you look like someone I would like to tinker around with.
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
I got a 14 inch cock, why don’t you come home with me and I’ll let you ride
I gotta warn ya, every man I’ve ever gone out with has been ruined.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
I had sex with someone last night. Was that you?
I had your sister last year, she sucked. want to defend your family honor?
I have a 13 inch dick. Remember that, there will be an oral exam later.
I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy.
I have a boyfriend. [Guy] I have a pet goldfish. [Girl] What? [Guy] I thought we were talking about things that didn’t matter.
I have a job for you, but it blows!
I have a rare disease that will kill me unless I have sex within the next 30 minutes. Don’t let me die!
I have an owie on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
I have an oral fixation with giving oral gratification. If you are willing to receive I am more than willing to give.
I have crossed oceans of time to find you.
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I have some hard code I want to try your compiler on.
I have the entire dictionary written on my dick. Want me to put some words in your mouth??
I have this magic watch that can actually talk to me. Seriously, it’s saying something right now. It says that you’re not wearing any underwear, is that true?. [No.] Oh wait, my watch is an hour fast!
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I heard you are looking for a stud. I’ve got the STD, all I need is U.
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking YAside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?I’ll treat you like my homework: Slam you on the table and do you all night long!Your mom told me to say Hi to youI named my dick the truth cause bitches can’t handle it!I must be hunting treasure because I’m digging your chestShe: I’m in a relationship | You: Let’s talk about how we can get you out of that.My mom thinks I`m gay, can you help me prove her wrong?Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A BlessingDo you believe in karma? Because I know some good karma-sutra positions.The letter ‘X’ scares me [Why?] Because I never want to be yours.Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!Your so cute its distractingYou know why I am like a squirrel? Cause I want to bury my nuts in you.Roses are red violets are blue I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you.You dropped something! [What?] Your smileYou are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.I might not go down in history, but I’ll go down on you!I want you to be the girl who takes my virginity.I’m no organ donor but I’d be happy to give you my heart.You look familiar, didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.Can I buy you a drink or do you prefer cash?Smile, if you want to have sex with me.You look fabulous! [pause] for your age.I like every bone in your body, especially mine.You’re so fucking sexy! You look just like my mom.Damn Girl, you’re cute, let me get your email address.I`m no weatherman, but you can expect a few inches tonight.You know what I like in a girl? [What?] My dick.I don’t believe in love at first sight, but I’m willing to make an exception in your case.I don’t really believe in love at first sight, until I saw you.Damn Girl, your ass is bigger than my future!There’s only one thing I want to change about you. Your last name.If I were a cat i’d spend all 9 lives with you.Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favourite.Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you everyone else disappears.I’m feeling a little bit off today, but you definitely turned me on.If you were a basketball, I’d never shoot. [Why?] Because I’d always miss you.Do you have a band aid? Cause I scrapped my knees falling for you.Pizza is my second favourite thing to eat in bed.Go between two black girls and say Let’s make an Orio!Are you religios? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.I’m in a Boyband called Wrong Direction.My friends bet I can’t talk to the prettiest girl. want to use their money to buy drinks?You know how I got these guns? [Point to biceps] Lifting children out of poverty.Do you want to have good sex? [No!] Well then come to my place!Let’s play Barbie. I’ll be Ken and you can be the box I come in.I used to be a Gambler, but then I realized that all I needed was the Queen of my HeartCall me Chris Brown, cause I’d hit that! [Look at her ass]Your body is 75% water, and I’m thirsty.Can I punch you in the face.. [pause] ..with my lips?You know why they call me the cat whisperer? Cause I know exactly what that pussy needs.You have eyes like spanners. When I look in to them, my nuts tighten.(Take a photo of her) I want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks likeI have to show you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. (show phone with frontcam)Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.You’re on my list of things to do tonight.You’re like Pringles once I pop you, I can’t stop you.You’re like my own personal brand of heroin. You’re like my little toe, because I’m going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.Your so hot I could roast my meat on you, baby.Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.Your place or mine? Tell you what? I’ll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?Your eyes are really cute. Oh, wait! I think the right one is a little cuter than the left one.Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I’m lost at sea.Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.Your daddy must be a drug dealer, because you’re dope.Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.You’d mind if I fantasize about you?You, me, handcuffs, and whipped cream: interested?You smell… We should go take a shower together.You look like trash, may I take you out?
I heard your ankles were having a party… want to invite your pants down?
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
I hope to God you can’t sing because I just want to fuck you.
I hope you got a pet insurance, cause tonight I’m gonna destroy that pussy.
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away.
I hope you like coffee…because I always have Folgers in my Cup
I hope you like dragons, because I’ll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
I just don't feel called to celibacy.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
I know its absurd, but every time I walk towards you, it feels like I'm being lead to Bethlehem.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren’t so shy, I’d tell you who.
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
I know where there is a good party, they’ve got liquor in the front and poker in the rear.
I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called My House!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I like your butt, can I wear it as a hat?
I like your hair, your eyes, your smile… I like every bone in your body… Especially mine!
I lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
I lost my teddy bear can i sleep with you tonight?
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
I love baseball so take me home baby!
I love my bed but I’d rather be in yours.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
I love you, I want to marry you. Now fuck my brains out.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I may not be a window repairman, but I can still fill your crack in.
I may not be DQ, but I could treat you right.
I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I bet I can make your bed rock!
I may not be the best looking guy here, but Im the only one talking to you.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you’re hot as hell.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
I must be in heaven because I’m looking at an angel!
I must be lost
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep gettinggg lost in your eyes.
I must expel some seminal fluid. May I use your body?
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I only have 12 hours to live… please don’t let me die a virgin.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I put the stud in bible study.
I saw you from across the room shivering from the cold, I came over to offer my big strong arms to hold you and keep you warm.
I see that we both play soccer, it’s a great sign when two people love the same sport and it’s even better that we share the same stamina level for other rigorous physical activity.
I should call you Google, because you have everything I’m looking for.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
I think I can die happy now, cause I’ve just seen a piece of heaven.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
I think I love you but I can’t be sure until I kiss you…
I think I’m in heaven because you look like an angel. Can you take off your shirt so that I can check for wings?
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back. Nice Ass!
I think my heart just lagged.
I think that pick-up lines are for people with to much time on their hands. Let’s just f**k.
I think that we might be related. Let me check for the family birthmark on your chest.
I think there’s something wrong with my eyes because I can’t take them off you.
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
I think you just stole something. [What?] My heart.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
I used to believe in natural theology, but since I met you I've converted to divine revelation.
I want to floss with your pubic hair.
I want to live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I want to put my thingy into your thingy.
I want to stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.
I want to take out your pencil and stick it in my pencil case.
I WANT SEX! Sorry, the doctor said that would help….
I want to be the girl your ex will hate, your mom will love, and the one you’re never going to forget.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I want to tell you your fortune. [Take her hand and write your phone number on it.] Your future is clear.
I want to thank you for [insert any event here], grab your ankles bitch!
I want to write a poem on your body with my lips
I want you to have my children (pause) GREAT! They are in the car outside..
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
I was just curious? Are you as good as all the guys say you are?
I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I was wondering if you have a moment to spare for me to hit on you?
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I’m close I see heaven in your eyes.
I went on a beach mission but all I ended up doing was mission you.
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
I wish I was your derivative so I can lie tangent to your curve.
I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with U.
I wish you were a Pony Carousel outside Wal-Mart, so I could ride you all day long for a quarter.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
I won’t give you a pick-up line, if you let me buy you a drink.
I would die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you!
I would fuck you so hard, you’d learn from it.
I would leave 99 sheep to come and find you... and then I would carry you home joyfully on my shoulder
I would part the red sea for you.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'd let you handle my wand any day!
I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets. You don't even have to say Luminos Maxima to turn me on!
I'd like to play on your laptop.
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
I'm a proverbs 32 kind of guy and you're a proverbs 31 kinda woman...
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'm no Joseph... perhaps you can help me interpreting the dreams I've been having about you?
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
I'm pretty much considered an elder in the congregation these days.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I'm usually not very prophetic, but I can see us together.
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
I've lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you instead?
I’d better get a library card, because I’m checking you out.
I’d drag my balls through a mile of broken glass, followed by a mile of hot coals, just to chase a laundry truck that MIGHT have your dirty underwear on
I’d give you a piece of my mind, but I’ve got more of something else.
I’d like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart…
I’d like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
I’d like to screw your brains out, but it appears that someone beat me to
I’d like to wrap your legs around my head and wear you like a feed bag.
I’d marry your cat just to get in the family.
I’d really like to see how you look when I’m naked.
I’d rip out both my eyes just so you have more holes to screw me in
I’ll be Burger King and you be McDonald’s. I’ll have it my way, and you’ll be lovin’ it.
I’ll bet you $10 my dick can’t fit into your mouth.
I’ll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.
I’ll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
I’ll make you shiver when I deliver.
I’ll marry you tomorrow, but let’s honeymoon tonight.
I’ll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
I’ll suck you so hard that you’ll have to pick the sheets out of your ass when I’m finished.
I’m a burglar and I’m gonna smash your backdoor in.
I’m a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
I’m a Love Pirate, and I’m here for your booty! ARRRGGGHHH!!!
I’m a starving artist and I want to eat you.
I’m a used car but you can still drive me!
I’m a writer, you’re a writer, how about we get naked together and put some poetry in motion?
I’m afraid of the dark… Will you sleep with me tonight?
I’m an army recruiter. Why don’t you come over to my place and be all you can be.
I’m asian so I’ll eat your cat
I’m bigger and better than the Titantic – only 200 women went down on that vessel!
I’m conducting a survey on the taste of vaginas. want to be my first
I’m drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
I’m easy. Are you?
I’m either going home with you or behind you, take your pick.
I’m feeling a little off today. Would you like to turn me on?
I’m feeling a little off today. Would you mind turning me on?
I’m fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
I’m going outside to make out… care to join me?
I’m going to need a tall glass of cold water, because baby your making me HOT!
I’m gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there.
I’m hard. You wet?
I’m hung like a tic tac. want to freshen your breath?
I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!
I’m learning about important dates in history class. want to be one of them?
I’m leaving this place … want to cum?
I’m like a power plant. It’s hard to turn me down and I can turn you on
I’m like a Rubik’s Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
I’m like chocolate: I go straight to your ass!
I’m like Domino’s Pizza. If I don’t come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
I’m Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I’m no fred flintstone but i’ll make ur bedrock
I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.
I’m no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet.
I’m not an expert in hardware, but I know that you’d be able to screw my nuts off.
I’m not Asian but I’ll still eat your cat.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
I’m not flirting. I’m just being extra nice to someone who is extra attractive.
I’m not staring, I’m just stuck in a loop.
I’m not too good at algebra, but doesn’t U+I = 69?
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but… I’m Batman!
I’m not trying to pressure you. I don’t want to have sex without mutual consent; oh and by the way, you have my consent.
I’m on fire. Can I run through your sprinkler?
I’m on top of things. Would you like to be one of them?
I’m peanut butter, you’re jelly, let’s have sex.
I’m scared of gettinggg pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I’m the doctor of love baby and you’re over due for your meat injection!
I’m the finger down your spine when all the lights go out.
I’m the kind of man who deserves to have women I don’t deserve.
I’m trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I’m allergic to sex.
I’m willing to lower my standards if you’re going on a date with me.
I’m with the TSA and I need to perform a full body cavity search, for security reasons.
I’ve been slightly depressed ever since my vasectomy.
I’ve been watching you dance from across the room, my body has been urging me to bump into you, hopefully your body and my body can bump and grind all night long.
I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
I’ve got a big nose, big hands, and really big feet. That’s right, I’m a clown.
I’ve got a big one, you want to see how hard it works?
I’ve got a condom with your name on it.
I’ve got a great big cock!
I’ve got a hummer and a vibrator. Which one do you want to test drive first?
I’ve got an alarm clock that makes the best sound in the morning. Would you like to come and hear it?
I’ve got skittles in my mouth, want to taste the rainbow?
I’ve got the ship, you’ve got the harbor…what say we tie up for the night?
I’ve just received government funding for a four-hour expedition to find your G-spot.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don’t worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I’m sure he’d keep it for himself.
If I can’t buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
If I could never see the sun again I would be OK with that, because I can always look into your eyes and see all the brightness that I need.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you’ve made me smile, I’d hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'I' and 'U' together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put U and I together.
If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If I had AIDS, would you have sex with me? [No] Well, I don’t, so let’s go.
If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say I love you with my last breath!
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
If I jumped on your back, would you beat me off?
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d have five cents.
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d have five cents.
If I said you had a beautiful body would you hold it against me?
If I said you had a nice body, would you hold it against me?
If I take off my clothes, will you fuck me?
If I told you I had a 2 inch dick would you f**k me? [No] Good, because mine is 8 inches.
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
If I was a Jedi, would you be my force?
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you .
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you﻿.
If I was an operating system, your process would have top priority.
If i was cosin squared and you were sin squared we would be one.
If I was hungry for crabs would you spread your legs for me?
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? (No.) Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were a stop light, I’d turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were a stop light, I’d turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.
If I were the king, and you were the queen, in the cosmic game of chess, would you mate with me?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
If I’d follow you home, would you keep me?
If I’m a pain in your ass… We can just add more lubricants.
If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If it weren’t for that DAMNED sun, you’d be the hottest thing ever created.
If it’s true that we are what we eat, I could be you by morning!
If it’s true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
If LOVE was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara Desert that still doesn’t equal my love for you.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib!
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)
If we were around with Noah... then you, me... pair.
If we were both squirrels, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
If women were trophies, you’d be first place!
If you can dance, you have my hand, but if you can sing, you have my heart.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
If you look that good in clothes, you must look even better out of them.
If you say no, I will rip out my hair and my beard.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you talk to me, I’ll fuck you.
If you want a carrot, its yours. If you want 24 carrots, keep on walking lady!
If you want me, don’t shake me, or wake me, just take me.
If you want me, it takes more than a wink, more than a drink and more than you think.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
If you were a burger at McDonald’s you’d be the McGorgeous.
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
If you were a car, I’d wax you and ride you all over town.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
If you were a laser you would be set on stunning.
If you were a squirrel, would you help me bust a nut?
If you were a steak you would be well done.
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
If you were a triangle you’d be acute one.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
If you were a vegetable you’d be a cute-cumber.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were even half as gorgeous as me, I’d consider sleeping with you.
If you were floor boards i would take out all the nails and screw you.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
If you were ground coffee, you’d be Espresso cause you’re so fine.
If you weren
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
If you’re advertising, I’m buying!
If you’re feeling down, I can fill you up.
If you’re going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
If your left leg was Christmas and your right was Thanksgiving, could I visit between the holidays?
Inheriting 10 million dollars doesn’t mean much when you have a weak heart
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
Is it a sin that you stole my heart?
Is it cold in here, or are you just happy to see me.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it hot in here or is that just the Holy Spirit burning inside of you?
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac’s in your bra?
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I’d love to tap that ass.
Is that a ladder in your stockings or the stairway to heaven?
Is that a wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is there a cellphone in your backpocket? Cause that ass is calling me!
Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I’ve been searching for!
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
Is this the transfiguration? Because you are glowing.
Is you father a lumberjack [No, why?] Because when ever I look at you, I get wood in my pants.
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m loving it!
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!
Is your dad a farmer? (No, why?) Because you got some melons.
Is your dad a jewel thief? because you’re a real jem.
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
Is your dad an art thief? Because you’re a masterpiece.
Is your dad retarded? Because you’re special
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you’ve got some nice buns!
Is your face Mcdonalds? Cause im lovin it!
Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!
Is your father Lil Caeser? Cause you look Hot ‘n Ready.
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're mmmm... good!
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you’re mm mm good!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Is your name swiffer? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Is your name swiffer? ‘Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Is your name Daniel? Cause DAMN!
Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!
Is your name Faith? Cause you're the substance of things I've hoped for.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'because baby, you rock me like a hurricane!
Is your name mickey? because your so FINE!
Is your name Pepsi cause’ I’ve gotta have it.
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
Is your name Summer? ‘Cause you are as hot as hell.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
It
It sure is hot and stuffy in here. Would you like to take a cold shower?
It's a good thing I have my library card, because I am totally checking you out.
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
It's obvious to me that you sprouted from the good kinda soil.
It’s a new world order. Have your way with me.
It’s dark in here. Wait! It’s because all of the light is shining on you.
It’s not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
It’s not the size of the boat. It’s the motion of the ocean.
Just remember: To you, I am a virgin.
Just where do those legs of yours end?
Kanye feel the love tonight?
Kiss me and you will see how important I am.
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Kissing is a language of love….so how about a conversation?
Know what's on the menu? Me 'n' u.
Let me eat you for an hour. If you don’t want to have sex after that, we won’t.
Let me sell you an indulgence because it's a sin to look as good as you do.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
Let’s bypass all the bullshit and just get naked.
Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal you’re heart, and you’ll steal mine.
Let’s face it. I’m hot, you’re hot and we both know you got a crush on me.
Let’s go fuck in a brand new limo.
Let’s go to my place and do the things I’ll tell everyone we did anyway.
Let’s go to your place and love each other until my dick falls in your pussy.
Let’s have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Let’s have breakfast together tomorrow; shall I call you or nudge you?
Let’s just fuck.
Let’s make like a fabric softener and ‘Snuggle
Let’s make out so I can see if you taste as good as you look!
Let’s not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let’s get to it.
Let’s play hockey. Ill be the net, and you can score.
Lets play Titanic. When I say Iceburg! you do down.
Lets play titanic youll be the ocean and ill go down on you
Lets skip all the bull-shit lose our inhibitions and DO what we really came here to do.
Life is like a dick. When it gets hard, Fuck it.
Life is short. Let’s f**k and see if there is anything after that.
Life without you is like a broken pencil...pointless.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil… pointless.
Like Motel 6, I’ll leave the light on for you.
Look at my lips and your lips. They want to massage each other.
Look out in the night sky. You see that bright light to the right of that red one? That is a comet that is streaking toward here at 34546 miles per hour. At that rate, it will be here in about an hour. So, want to fuck?
Look, you're nearly 22. Most christians are 3 years into marriage by now... just settle for me.
Looks don’t matter, I’ll just wrap you in a flag and fuck you for glory.
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
Love is a sensation; caused by a temptation; to feel penetration; a guy sticks his location; in a girl’s destination; to increase the population; for the next generation; did you get my explanation; or do you need a demonstration?
Male: Hey, I don’t feel to good. Female: Why? Male: I feel like I have an elephant in my stomach. Female: What? Male: (looking down) I think his truck is already sticking out.
Mark Driscoll takes up 35% of my ipod memory.
May I end this sentence with a proposition?
May I flirt with you?
May i pleasure you with my tongue?
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Me. You. Song of Songs: the remix.
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Mines bigger than his want proof?
Miss, If you’ve lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Mmmm, you bring new meaning to the word edible.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going… I just need eye contact from you.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I’d rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Most people like to watch the Superbowl because it only happens once a year, but Id rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone like you only happens once in a lifetime
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
My attraction to you is an inversed square law.
My bed is broken. Can I sleep in yours?
My bedroom has a very interesting ceiling.
My bologna has a first name…
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. want to buy some drinks with their money?
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. want to buy some drinks with their money?
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
My dick’s been feeling a little dead lately. want to give it some mouth-to-mouth?
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
My driver’s license says that I am not an organ donor, but for you I will donate my heart.
My ex-girlfriend used to call me Goldfinger.
My face is leaving in fifteen minutes. Be on it.
My first name and your last name would sound great together.
My friend and I made a bet and I need to check if those are implants.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
My lips are like skittles. want to taste the rainbow?
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.
My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can’t hold it in.
My love for you is like dividing by zero– it cannot be defined.
My love for you is like the energizer bunny, it keeps going and going….
My magical watch says you aren’t wearing any panties. Oh, you are? It must be an hour fast!
My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in?
My mother always told me that nothing is impossible and to follow my dreams, so I have my eyes on you to be mine.
My name is [your here] but you can call me tonight!
My name is Haywood. Haywood Jablome.
My name is Skittles… want to taste my rainbow?
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
My name isn’t Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
My name’s [your name], but you can call me lover.
My name’s [your name]. Just so you know what to scream.
My name’s Pogo, d’ya want to jump on my stick?
My place…..Eight o’clock……bring a friend.
My recipe for love is one cup of you, one cup of me, knead till hard, and serve hot.
My servers never go down... but I do!
My spiritual gift is my good looks... it lifts peoples spirits
Need me to unzip your files?
Nice beach balls, can I play?
Nice fucking weather. Want to?
Nice hair, want to mess it up?
Nice legs, lets eat out.
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper ?
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper?
Nice Set of Floppies!
Nice shoes, want to fuck?
Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Nice tits, mind if i feel them?
Nice tits. Mind if I squeeze them?
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
Nice to meet you, I’m (your name) and you are…gorgeous!
No one knows who you are, but you’re a celebrity in my eyes.
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
Not many people can take my breath away, but you don’t even have to try.
Now I know why Solomon had 700 wives... Because he never met you.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Oh my God! I think I love you! Now lay down!
Oh no, I’m choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
Oh, I’m sorry, I thought that was a Braille name tag.
Oh, yeah, [band name] is really great. . . I have all their rare stuff. You can come over to my place and tape it all if you want.
Oh, you’re a bird watcher. [Pull out your dong] Well, would you take this for a swallow?
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.
On The Phone
Once I have you I will not want to share you. I will want to keep you forever and put a shiny ring on that finger showcasing you to the world.
One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle.
One of the things on my list is a umm….weird chick. And if I don’t get one soon, they won’t let me pledge…
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
Our break-up is worse than traffic in NY. I cant move-on!
People call me John, but you can call me Tonight!
People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
Perhaps you recognize me from one of the popular adult movies I was in.
Person #1: hey, you want to do a 68? Person #2: What? Person #1: You go down, and I’ll owe you one.
Pick a number between 1 and 10. You lose now take off your clothes.
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
Pinch me. [Why?] You’re so fine I must be dreaming.
Please tell your tits to stop looking at my eyes.
Polar Bear (HUh) I just wanted to break the ice.
Put down that cupake... you're sweet enough already.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
Roses are black, violets are red, what is it going to take, to get you into bed?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you
Roses are red, violets are black, why is your chest as flat as my back?
Roses are red, violets are blue (touch her gently) I have herpes, and now you too.
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
Save water, shower with a friend!
Say, that’s a nice [dress/outfit/article of clothing]. Can I talk you out of it?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
Sex is a killer … want to die happy?.
Sex is evil; Evil is sin; Sin is forgiven; so let’s begin.
She/He says: Hold on
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Show me your pussy!
Since the first time I saw you dive into the swimming pool, I knew I had to dive into your heart.
Since we’ve been told to reduce waste these days, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire.
Sit on my face and let me get to ‘nose’ you better?
Sit on my lap and we’ll get things straight between us.
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you’re killing me!
So last night I was reading in the book of Numbers, and I realized... I don't have yours!
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
So what haven’t you been told tonight?
So, come back to my place, and if you don’t like it I swear I’ll give you a full refund.
So, I see you eat with utensils. Well, I’ve got one that I’m just dying to put in your drawers.
So, what are the chances of my balls slappin’ your ass tonight?
So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
So, you must be the reason men fall in love.
Somebody better call God, because heaven's missing an angel!
Somebody better call God, because heaven’s missing an angel!
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
Somebody needs to call the bomb squad, because you’re the bomb!
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
Something's wrong with my eyes, because I can't take them off you.
Sorry i can’t talk 2 u any more, the doctor told me i’m diabetic and i cant stand sweet things like u
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Sorry, I can’t hold on… I’ve already fallen for you.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Suppose you get down off your motorcycle and give me a ticket.
Take a screw with you and put it in your pocket. Then, when a girl comes up to you, offer her the screw and say, want to screw?
That dress looks great on you
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap on my bedroom floor tomorrow morning.
That shirt’s very becoming on you. If I were on you, I’d be coming too.
That’s a nice shirt, can I take you out of it?
That’s a nice smile. It’d look better if it was all you were wearing!
The drink: $6. The room: $100. The night with you?: Priceless.
The fact that I’m missing my teeth just means that there’s more room for your tongue.
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
The most common pickup line used in a gay bar: May I push in your stool?
The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to fuck you on the floor.
The only thing I want between our relationship is latex.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
The only thing your eyes haven’t told me is your name.
The smile on your face is radiant, the glow on your cheeks is beautiful, and my lips on your lips would be magical.
The Sorting Hat saw my destiny, and it said I'm meant to be in your house.
The things I would do if I got a few roofies in you.
The word says 'Give drink to those who are thirsty, and feed the hungry'... how about dinner?
There are 20 angels in the world 11 are playing, 8 are sleeping and 1 of them is standing in front of me.
There are 265 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you’re the only one I’d like to mount.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
There isn’t a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
They say a girls best friend are her legs. But even the best of friends sometimes have to part.
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Those jeans would look great on my bedroom floor!
Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, Particularly nice weather.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
Try me once and if you don’t like it, what have you wasted? What, six hours of your life? It’d be more if you want foreplay.
Unfortunately I cant perform miracles and I've only got enough bread and fish for 2 people.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
WAIT, don’t drink that. Don’t you know that makes your chest grow to twice its normal size? Oh, I’m sorry. I guess it’s too late.
want to fuck like bunnies?
want to go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
want to play kite? I lay down, you blow and we’ll see how high you can make me.
want to play Army? I lay down and you blow the hell outta me.
want to play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
want to play midget boxing? You get down on your knees and give me a couple blows!
want to tickle my Oscar Meyer Wiener?
Want to make a porno? We don’t have to tape it.
Want to play lion? (She asks, What’s that?) That’s where you get down on all fours and growl like a lion while I feed you the meat!
Want to practice speaking in tongues with me?
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Want to see my Red Hat?
Want to taste my dick? (What!?!) I said, do you want to taste my drink?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your Dad a baker? Because you’ve got a nice set of buns.
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
Was your dad a farmer? Cause you sure have great melons.
Was your dad a king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you!
Was your Dad in the Air Force? Because you’re da bomb.
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars and put them in your eyes.
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Was your father a welder? No, why? Because those sure are acetylene tits!
was your mother a beaver, because damn.
Wasn’t I supposed to eat you somewhere?
We’ll probably never see each other again, so let’s screw.
We’re going to dance to one song, then go back to my apartment and fuck.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get love and lust mixed up.
Were do you hide your wings?
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
What are you doing tonight beside me?
What color is your shit?
What do I have to do to be your booty call?
What do you say we play a game of Words With More Than Friends?
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
What do you want for Christmas? A date with you!
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What is long and hard, and right behind you?
What is your favorite color? [Color] Mine too! Seems like we are soulmates.
What size shoe you wear babygirl? I’m gonna guess size sexy!
What time do you get off? Can I watch?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
What's your name and number so I can add you to my prayer list?
What’ll you say we make like Winnie-the-poo and I can get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
What’s a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
What’s a slut like you doing in a classy joint like this?
What’s that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it’s not coming off!
What’s the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don’t have a Ferrari.
What’s the speed limit of sex? [what?] 68. Because at 69 YOU have to turn around!
What’s your sign?
When God made you, he was showing off.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
When I look at you I get butterflies in my stomach, my heart almost stops, and my palms feel sweaty, these are the signs of someone who is destined to go on a date with me.
When I look at you, everything else falls into a blur. I want my vision to be clear and focused so I will continue to look at you, which is the one thing that keeps my eyesight perfect.
When I look into your eyes I get lost in your soul. Every person is meant to have a soul mate, and I think you may be mine.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
When I read philippians 4:8, I think about you.
When I saw your face my heart skipped a beat, when you spoke to me my knees got weak, and when I ask you to go out with me, you will say yes!
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
When I’m older, I’ll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I’ll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
Where do you hide your wings?
Where have you been all my life?
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
Where’s your paper bag? (What?) Your paper bag to put over your head.
Which is easier? You gettinggg into those tight pants or gettinggg you out of them?
Why don’t you come up sometime and see me?
Why don’t you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the ‘d’ cause you’ll get that later!
Will you marry me for just one night?
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren!
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
Woman to Man: Whip it out and show me what you got, so I can save the disappointment from later.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Wow! Are those real?
Write the following on a napkin and give it to a cute girl: Smile if you want to have sex with me. Watch her smile!
Yeah, it’s big and if you pet it, it spits
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
You are almost as hot as my mom.
You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
You are like a magnet and I am like a piece of metal, I am drawn and attracted to you.
You are perfect, except with all the sin.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You are so selfish! You’re going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
You are so unblemished that I would sacrifice you.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You are the reason men fall in love.
You are too beautiful to have a frown on your face. If you were my girl I would always keep you laughing so a permanent smile resides on your face.
You auto-complete me.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You can have the portkey to my heart.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You can’t be my first, but you could be my next.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
You don’t sweat much for a fat chick.
You float my ark.
You glide. It’s a very attactive quality. Most girls, they merely plod along. You, on the other hand, you glide…
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
You got nice breasts, but what color are your nipples? Brown or Pink?.
You had me at Hello World.
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
You have pretty eyeballs. Of course they’d be better if they were eyeing my pretty balls.
You have seduced my eyes by your beauty, you have lifted my spirit with your personality, and I am ready to make you mine forever.
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
You know how I feel about you – it’s like you’re a fossil sample and I’m an impatient paleontologist, because I want to date you badly.
You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make up for certain shortages? Well, I don’t even own a car.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
You know how your hair would look really good? [No.] In my lap.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know what would look great on you? Me.
You know what’s beautiful? Read the first word.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
You know, it’s dangerous for you to be here in the frozen food section… Because you could melt all this stuff.
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
You like maths? Cause I want to ADD to you my life, SUBTRACT your clothes, DIVIDE your legs and MULTIPLY ourselves.
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You look ill. You must be suffering form a lack of Vitamin ME.
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You make me want to be a better Christian.
You make my software turn into hardware!
You make the Queen of Sheba look like a hobo.
You may be a muggle, but that body is magical.
You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall is in love with me.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… is in love with me.You make me wish I weren’t gay!You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers.You look so innocent, you look so sweet, as long as I have a face, you will always have a seat.You look familiar, have we had sex before?You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.You might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.You know, sweetie, my lips won’t just kiss themselves…You know, if I were you, I’d have sex with me.You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!You know, I want to go inside your wine cabinet and pull myself out a stiff one.You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…Want to help prove him wrong?You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
You must be a good theif because you’ve stole my heart
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
You must be a Snitch, because I've been Seeking you my whole life.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
You must be Jelly, cause jam don’t shake like that.
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.
You must be the square root of two. Cause I feel irrational around you.
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
You MUST have a nice personality.
You owe me a drink, you’re so ugly I dropped mine when I saw you.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You really shouldn’t wear makeup. You’re messing with perfection!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
You remind me of an overdue library book, cause you got Fine written all over you.
You remind me of my cousin. (How?) I want to fuck you so bad, but I know that I can’t.
You remind me of my dead ex-girlfriend.
You say, So, did you here the one about the guy and the girl who had the most sexual relationship? The reply, No. You respond, Well then, let’s go to my place and I’ll tell you all about it.
You Say: Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you.
You Say: I’m jealous of your dress. She says Why? You say: Because it’s touching your body, and I’m not.
You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
You Sexy, You Fine. I Really want to Make You Mine.
You should be someone's wife.
You should join the circus.(Why?) So you can learn to juggle my balls all day.
You should stop drinking! (Why?) Because you are driving me home.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
You so lovely, you make me want to go out and get a job
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
You totally spiked my traffic.
You with all those curves! And me with no brakes!
You work at a post office? Cause I saw you checking out my package.
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
You're hotter than donut grease.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
You're so sweet, you're giving me a toothache.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
You're the only thing I need in my Room of Requirement.
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.
You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.
You’re so cute it’s distracting!
You’re so hot, I had to put on sun block just to come over here and talk to you.
your ass is pretty tight, want me to loosen up?
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
Your body is amazing with curves in all the right places, but your smile is the curve that I appreciate the most.
Your body is curvy, your face is beautiful and your attitude is fierce, I think we are a perfect match.
Your clothes are making me extremely uncomfortable. Please, take them off!
Your eyes are as blue as the sea I dumped my ex’s body in.﻿
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
Your eyes sparkle from across the room and your smile is hypnotic. I need to know you better because my heart knows what it wants and it wants you.
Your Face [Pause] I like that shit!
Your hair is like a flock of goats descending from Gilead.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Your homepage or mine?
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
Your smile is almost as big, warm, and lovely as my penis
Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.
Your spirit shines brighter than a full moon; maybe one day I’ll get the chance to show you my full moon.
Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you.
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 fake, 1 real and he says to her  I will stop loving you when all the roses die
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
I think you just stole something. [What’s That?] My heart.
Did it hurt when you fell? [Huh?] When you fell from heaven?
100+ Cute and Romantic Pickup Lines
I lost my teddy bear, will you sleep with me?
I’m not drunk, baby…I’m just intoxicated by you.
I hope you know CPR because you take my breath away.
Are you ok? Because heaven is a long fall from here…
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something…MY JAW!
Can I borrow a quarter? [What for?] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the woman of my dreams.
Do you have a map? I keep on gettinggg lost in your eyes.
Do you have a library card? Because I am checking you out.
Do you have a quarter? I want to call my mom and thank her.
I’m new in town…can you give me the direction to your apartment?
There must be something wrong with my eyes…I can’t take them off you.
I must be lost. I thought paradise wasn’t on earth.
So did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
You dropped something…my jaw!
Can you recommend a bank where I can make a deposit? Because I’m planning to save all my love for you.
Were you arrested earlier? It has got to be illegal to look that good.
You might be asked to leave soon. You’re making the other women look really bad.
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa want for Christmas?
Hey, I just realized this, but you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Somebody better calls God because he’s missing an angel. So what time do you have to be back in heaven?
Sorry lady but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and me together.
Wouldn’t we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Do you have a Bandaid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
If you were the new burger at McDonalds you would be the McGorgeous!
You must be in a wrong place – the Miss Universe contest is over there.
Girl, you better have a license, because you are driving me crazy!
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the room instantly became beautiful.
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas?
Do you have the time? (she gives you the time) No, the time to write my number down.
Are your legs tired? Because you’ve been running through my mind all day long.
Are you lost? Because heaven’s a long way from here.
Are you a parking ticket? (What?) You got fine written all over you.
You know what? Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put U and me together.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Was that an earthquake, or did you just rock my world?
I may not be a genie but I can make your dreams come true.
I hope your day is as radiant as your smile.
I know I’m not a grocery item but I can tell when you’re checking me out.
Are you a magnet? Because I’m attracted to you…
Baby, you’re like a student and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my back? A little kid with wings just shot me.
What does it feel like to be the cutest girl in the room?
(Note: Don’t use this pick up line on women who are extremely hot and KNOW it. This one is effective on a girl who is attractive, but is clearly NOT the best-looking girl in the place.)
I can die happy now, cause I’ve just seen a piece of heaven.
I feel like Richard Gere, I’m standing next to you, the Pretty Woman.
I know why Solomon had 600 wives because he never found you.
I think I must be dying because I’m looking at Heaven.
I’d love to wake up next to you in the morning.
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
I think God took the color from the ocean and put it in your eyes.
My dad was Fred Astaire, and my mom was Ginger Rogers. Would you like to dance?
God was showing off when he made you
You must be a magician because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
My love for you is like the energizer bunny; it keeps going and going.
Hey, you know Dr. Phil says I am afraid of commitment….Do you want to prove him wrong?
And then, there’s another category of non-cute pickup lines. I call these…
Do you know what has 142 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? [What?] My zipper.
That outfit would look great…in a crumpled heap next to my bed.
That’s a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
I want to use your thighs as earmuffs.
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? (No.) Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks?
If I was a dog, would you help me bury my bone?
If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
If you were camping and woke up with a used condom inside you, would you tell anyone? (No) want to go camping?
If your left leg was Thanksgiving and your right leg Christmas, can I visit you between the holidays?
Don’t walk into that building   the sprinklers might go off!
You remind me of a pop tart. (Why?) You’re cool cause you’re hot!
Can I get your picture to prove to all my friends that angels really do exist?
Hi. My name is {name}. I’m running for president in 2012. And I could sure use your vote. Here…write down your number and I’ll call you to discuss my platform.
Is your daddy a thief? [No.] Then how did he steal the sparkle of the stars and put it in your eyes? [Be ready with a snappy answer in case they say yes.]
Is your name Gillette? Because you’re the best a man can get
Baby did you fart, because you blow me away!
Baby, somebody better calls God, because he’s missing an angel!
[Look at his/her shirt label. When they say, What are you doing?, say Checking to see if you were made in heaven.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
I’m invisible. (Really?) Can you see me? (Yes) How about tomorrow night?
My name isn’t Elmo, but you can tickle me anytime you want to.
You must be the cause of global warming because your hot!
I’m not Fred Flintstone but I can definitely make your bed rock!
I want to get all hot and sweaty and listen to you breathe hard… so, you want to go running?
She walks in beauty, like the night
Of cloudless climes and starry skies;
And all that’s best of dark and bright
Meet in her aspect and her eyes;
Thus mellowed to that tender light
Which heaven to gaudy day denies.
One shade the more, one ray the less,
Had half impaired the nameless grace
Which waves in every raven tress,
Or softly lightens over her face;
Where thoughts serenely sweet express,
How pure, how dear their dwelling-place.
And on that cheek, and over that brow,
So soft, so calm, yet eloquent,
The smiles that win, the tints that glow,
But tell of days in goodness spent,
A mind at peace with all below,
A heart whose love is innocent!
I had a dream, which was not all a dream.
The bright sun was extinguish'd, and the stars
Did wander darkling in the eternal space,
Rayless, and pathless, and the icy earth
Swung blind and blackening in the moonless air;
Morn came and went and came, and brought no day,
And men forgot their passions in the dread
Of this their desolation; and all hearts
Were chill'd into a selfish prayer for light:
And they did live by watchfires and the thrones,
The palaces of crowned kings the huts,
The habitations of all things which dwell,
Were burnt for beacons; cities were consum'd,
And men were gather'd round their blazing homes
To look once more into each other's face;
Happy were those who dwelt within the eye
Of the volcanos, and their mountain-torch:
A fearful hope was all the world contain'd;
Forests were set on fire but hour by hour
They fell and faded and the crackling trunks
Extinguish'd with a crash and all was black.
The brows of men by the despairing light
Wore an unearthly aspect, as by fits
The flashes fell upon them; some lay down
And hid their eyes and wept; and some did rest
Their chins upon their clenched hands, and smil'd;
And others hurried to and fro, and fed
Their funeral piles with fuel, and look'd up
With mad disquietude on the dull sky,
The pall of a past world; and then again
With curses cast them down upon the dust,
And gnash'd their teeth and howl'd: the wild birds shriek'd
And, terrified, did flutter on the ground,
And flap their useless wings; the wildest brutes
Came tame and tremulous; and vipers crawl'd
And twin'd themselves among the multitude,
Hissing, but stingless they were slain for food.
And War, which for a moment was no more,
Did glut himself again: a meal was bought
With blood, and each sate sullenly apart
Gorging himself in gloom: no love was left;
All earth was but one thought and that was death
Immediate and inglorious; and the pang
Of famine fed upon all entrails men
Died, and their bones were tombless as their flesh;
The meagre by the meagre were devour'd,
Even dogs assail'd their masters, all save one,
And he was faithful to a corse, and kept
The birds and beasts and famish'd men at bay,
Till hunger clung them, or the dropping dead
Lur'd their lank jaws; himself sought out no food,
But with a piteous and perpetual moan,
And a quick desolate cry, licking the hand
Which answer'd not with a caress he died.
The crowd was famish'd by degrees; but two
Of an enormous city did survive,
And they were enemies: they met beside
The dying embers of an altar-place
Where had been heap'd a mass of holy things
For an unholy usage; they rak'd up,
And shivering scrap'd with their cold skeleton hands
The feeble ashes, and their feeble breath
Blew for a little life, and made a flame
Which was a mockery; then they lifted up
Their eyes as it grew lighter, and beheld
Each other's aspects saw, and shriek'd, and died
Even of their mutual hideousness they died,
Unknowing who he was upon whose brow
Famine had written Fiend. The world was void,
The populous and the powerful was a lump,
Seasonless, herbless, treeless, manless, lifeless
A lump of death a chaos of hard clay.
The rivers, lakes and ocean all stood still,
And nothing stirr'd within their silent depths;
Ships sailorless lay rotting on the sea,
And their masts fell down piecemeal: as they dropp'd
They slept on the abyss without a surge
The waves were dead; the tides were in their grave,
The moon, their mistress, had expir'd before;
The winds were wither'd in the stagnant air,
And the clouds perish'd; Darkness had no need
Of aid from them She was the Universe.
I love you like you say you love me times a million more, and just so you know I love you MORE square root that by infinity.
I love you like an angel loves the heavens.
I love you like all the rain drops that fall in a summer thunder storm.
I love you like there are words in books.
I love you like there are stars in the sky.
I love you like I love food.
I love you like French Fries.
I love you like the sun loves the moon.
I love you like women love diamonds.
I love you like any word can say.
I love you like the distance between us.
I love you like the Lemon Meringue Pie which my mother bakes, that reminds me of the sweet memory of my childhood.
I love you like every action I take.
I love you like Romeo loves Juliet.
i love you like quotes
I love you like Mickey loves Minnie.
I love you like my iPhone, and I wish I can hold you in my hands, every minute of the day.
I love you like iphone and ipad combined, which I cannot live without.
I love you like the sun, the ocean and the mountains.
I love you like the butterflies in the gardens, the rainbow over the blue sky, and the greeneries in the meadow.
I love you like distance everybody loves raymond
I love you like “Harry Potter,” and that should have been impossible.
I love you like the unforgettable first kiss.
I love you like the thrills I get from roller coaster ride, skiing down an icy slope, and bungee jumping.
I love you like the Godiva chocolate, my favourite.
I love you like you’ll ever know.
I love you like you can possibly imagine.
I love you like words can describe, numbers can count and the constantly grown technology can discover.
I love you more today than I did yesterday, but not as much as tomorrow and many days to come.
I love you like I love beer.
I love you like I love penguins, my favourite animal since the third grade.
I love you like my dog, and that should have said enough.
I love you like guys love football.
I love you like when I get a seat on the crowded train so that I can play game on my smartphone with both hands.
I love you like trees love water.
I love you like my cat, and no one has replaced her so far.
I love you like cheesecake, carrot cake and chocolate cake.
I love you like apple pie, lemon meringue pie and chocolate mud pie.
I love you like burritos, tacos, and nachos.
I love you like the Cookie Monster loves cookies.
I love you like fish need water!
I love you like my next breath
I love you like anything you could ever say or imagine and every breath I take is for you
I love you like words can describe, numbers can count and the forever growing universe can discover.
I love you like cookies, and believe me I love cookies!
I love you like I did yesterday, but i not as much as tomorrow but always forever.
I love you like a sea of flowers. than a garden of of smiles and a world of hugs.
i love you because you are awesome
I love you like a little girl dreams of love.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake
I love you more then I love Netflix! And that’s a lot.
I love you like my Xbox.
I love you like there are grans of sand in every beach, of every planet, of every galaxy in the universe.
I love you more then all the answers on the Internet!
I love you like a fat kid loves cake.
I love you like a bee loves honey.
I love you like fish loves water.
I love you like old ladies love blue dye.
I love you like an Italian loves pasta.
I love you like Obama loves blaming republicans.
I love you like Santa loves cookies and milk.
I love you like a cat loves chasing its tail.
I love you like a hooker loves a street corner.
I love you like a pervert loves porn.
I love you like a nerd loves his glasses.
I love you like a surfer loves his board.
I love you like lice loves an elementary school.
I love you like Cinderella loved Prince Charming.
i love you more than image
I love you like the sun loves redheads.
I love you like a skinny person loves salad.
I love you like a smoker loves a cigarette.
I love you like a dog loves biting a piece of bone.
I love you like a cop loves thieves.
I love you like a movie geek loves his/hers popcorn
I love you like a child loves a teddy-bear.
I love you like a nerd loves homework.
I love you like a teacher loves their kids.
I love you like any person loves sleeping
I love you like a grandma loves her grandchildren.
I love you like the sand loves the sea.
I love you like a shoe loves a sock.
I love you like a mouse loves cheese.
I love you like a cat loves a mouse.
I love you like brangelina loves adopting kIds.
I love you like jessie loves woody.
I love you like a hammer loves a nail.
I love you like a flower loves the rain.
I love you like Winnie the Pooh loves honey.
I love you like clients love winging.
I love you like philosophy loves being obscure.
I love you like a dentist loves crooked teeth.
I love you like advertisements love annoying us.
I love you like an emo kid loves girl pants.
I love you like a duck loves water.
I love you like bulimics love toilets.
I love you like zombies love brains.
I love you like a child loves a teddy bear.
I love you like a tornado loves a mobile home park.
I love you like batman loves his cave.
I love you like a watch loves to tick.
I love you like a midget loves his platform shoes.
I love you like a letter loves an envelope.
I love you like a sailor loves swearing.
I love you like the cold loves a sneeze.
I love you like Peter Pan loves Neverland.
I love you like an emo boy loves tight pants.
I love you like Charlie loves Wonka bars.
I love you like a toothbrush loves toothpaste.
I love you like time loves a paradox.
I love you like a woman loves fixing up a bachelor with one of her single friends.
I love you like an incontinent person loves a toilet.
I love you like the plague loves rats.
I love you like the British love their tea.
I love you like the Raven loves the word nevermore.
I love you like a redneck loves his truck.
I love you like schoolgirls love gossip.
I love you like the godfather loves his accent.
I love you like Freud loves his mother.
I love you like a junkie loves weed.
I love you like children love McDonalds.
I love you like older people love tapioca.
I love you like a badge loves a policeman.
I love you like a nerd loves his dictionary.
I love you like a hippie loves his long hair.
I love you like a lawyer loves money.
I love you like an old man loves his hairy ears.
I love you like a woman loves chocolate.
i love you like phrases
I love you like a blonde loves her hair-dye.
I love you like crap loves a sewer.
I love you like a punk loves his hair gel.
I love you like an emo loves black.
I love you like an alcoholic loves beer.
I love you like a drug addict loves heroine.
I love you like a pitcher of water at a chili pepper eating contest.
I love you like a fat girl loves hohos.
I love you like the Imperial March loves Darth Vader.
I love you like a crack head loves crack.
I love you like a fly loves crap.
I love you like a possum loves trash.
I love you like the government loves taxing its citizens.
I love you like Russel Crowe loves throwing phones at people.
I love you like a child loves candy.