Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Are you a florist?  Cause ever since I met you, my life has been Rosey.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Are you mexican? Because you're my juan and only!
Do you drink Pepsi? Because you're so-da-licious!
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.
If you were a flower you'd be a damnnn-delion
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart? Mine seems to have been stolen
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
When God made you, he was showing off.
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
How was heaven when you left it?Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
Do you like Mexican food? Cause I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAE-RITTO.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Blue eyes, red lips, pale face. So pretty. You look like the flag of France.
Even though there aren't any stars out tonight, you're still shining like one.
If you were a potato you'd be a sweet one.
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
You're hotter than donut grease.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
Where do you hide your wings?
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Did you grow up on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Are you a sea lion? Because I can sea you lion in my bed tonight!
I'm no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? (Why?) Because I can see myself in your pants.
You remind me of my little toe... because I'm going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
Are you from Iraq? 'Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back at my place.
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
Do you have an Asian passport? Because I'm China get into your Japantees
Girl, you should sell hotdogs, because you already know how to make a wiener stand!
I may not be a windshield repairman, but I can still fill your crack in.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Your smile is almost as big, warm, and lovely as my penis!
Your face reminds me of a wrench, every time I think of it my nuts tighten up.
Excuse me, but would you like an orally stimulated orgasm?
Do you run track? Cause I heard you Relay want this dick.
My friend over there really wants your number so he knows where to get a hold of me in the morning.
If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.
Are you from the ghetto? Cause I'm about to ghetto hold of dat ass.
You know what I like in a girl? My dick.
Are you a doctor? cause you just cured my erectile dysfunction.
Your legs are like an Oreo Cookie - I wanna split them and eat all the good stuff in the middle.
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
If I were a Nintendo cartridge would you blow me?
Hey, you wanna do a 68? You go down on me, and I'll owe you one.
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
Hey Baby! I'd like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore - my face should be among them.
Hey baby, I think you just made my two by four into a four by eight.
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I'd love to tap that ass.
Do you have an inhaler? Because you've got ass ma.
Hey cutie, wanna go halves on a baby?
You can call me cake, cause I'll go straight to your ass.
Are you hungry? Cause omelette you suck this dick.
Do you like pudding? Cause I'll be pudding this dick in your ass.
Are your legs made of Nutella? Because I'd love to spread them!
Can I read your t-shirt in braille?
Are you an early hominid? Because I've got a Homo Erectus right now.
Do you have pet insurance? Because your pussy's getting smashed tonight!
Are you my homework? Cause I'm not doing you but I definitely should be.
Roses are red, violets are fine. If I be the 6, will you be the 9?
I'm not Asian but I'll still eat your cat.
There will only be 7 planets left after I destroy Uranus.
Do you go to church often? Cause you're gonna be on your knees tonight.
Touch your toes and I'll show you where the rocket goes!
Do you know your ABC's? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
I hope you like dragons, because I'll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I've got a bone for you to examine.
I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
You are so selfish! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
I'm an astronaut and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
I'm like a Rubik's Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
What's the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don't have a Ferrari.
I'm afraid of the dark... Will you sleep with me tonight?
I love my bed but I'd rather be in yours.
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find 'em hot and leave 'em wet!
If I'm a pain in your ass... We can just add more lubricants.
I spent over a grand on Viagra today, only to come here and see you and find out that I don't need it after all.
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
Your beauty is why God invented eyeballs, but your booty is why God invented my balls!
Do you know the difference between my dick and a chicken wing? No? Well, let's go on a picnic and find out!
If you were an elevator, what button would I have to push to get you to go down?
I'm hung like a tic tac. Wanna freshen your breath?
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together
Do you come here often or wait till you get home?
Do you want to come over to my place and feed your beaver some wood?
Do you wash your panties with Windex? Because I can really see myself in them.
Do you need a stud in your life? Cause I got the STD and all I need is U.
Why pay for a bra, when I would gladly hold your boobs up all day for free?
You smell like trash. May I take you out?
I wanna floss with your pubic hair.
Girl, do you need to get your protein macros up? Because I'd gladly put my meat inside you
I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
If your right leg was Christmas and your left leg was Easter, would you let me come for dinner between the holidays?
That dress looks great on you...as a matter of fact, so would I.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Let's have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
Hey baby, let's play house, you can be the door and I'll slam you all night long!
Hey baby, wanna play lion? You go kneel down right there and I'll throw you my meat.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
Let's play carpenter. First we'll get hammered, then I'll nail you.
Are you from Africa? Cause I wanna know Kenya suck this dick?
We're like hot chocolate and marshmallows... You're hot and I wanna be on top of you.
Wanna go on an 'ate' with me? I'll give you the 'D' later.
You're so hot, even my pants are falling for you!
Are you from the Philippines? Because I wanna phil you with my penis.
Do you like Ramen Noodles? Cuz I'll be Rammin' my noodle in you later.
Are you spaghetti cause I want you to meat my balls.
Do you like whales? Cause we can go hump back at my place.
Baby I last longer than a white crayon.
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
Do you like to draw? Cause I put the D in Raw.
We should play strip poker. You can strip, and I'll poke you.
Do you like Adele? Cause I can tell you wanna be rolling in the D.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
Do you have a phone in your back pocket? Because your booty is calling me.
(Use index finger to call someone over then say) I made you come with one finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand.
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that pastry you just ate.
I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me?
Are you an elevator? Cause I wanna go down on you.
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Let me insert my plug into your socket and we can generate some electricity.
You have been very naughty. Go to my room!
Do you like Wendy's? Cause you're gonna love Wendy's nuts slap yo face!
Don't ever change. Just get naked.
Are those jeans Guess? Cause guess who wants to be inside them...
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Hey there, I just took some Cialis and I have 18 hours left.
I must expel some seminal fluid. May I use your body?
I wanna put my thingy into your thingy.
Judging by your hair, you seem like a girl who likes to do anal.
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face.
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
Let's go to my place and do the things I'll tell everyone we did anyway.
I'm gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there.
I'd like to wrap your legs around my head and wear you like a feed bag.
Are you the lottery lady on TV, because I'm picturing you holding up my balls.
Damn girl I'd love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
I have a job for you, but it blows!
Do you have a shovel? Cause I'm diggin' that ass!
Judging by your hair, you seem like a girl who likes to do anal.
The things I would do if I got a few roofies in you.
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
You're so hot you could make a deceased man's dick rise from the dead!
As long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
Do you like tapes and CD's? Cause I'm gonna tape this dick to your forehead so you CD's nuts.
Do you like soda? Because I'd mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
I'm peanut butter, you're jelly, let's have sex.
If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
Remember my name, because you'll be screaming it later!
Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Pizza is my second favourite thing to eat in bed.
I heard your ankles were having a party... want to invite your pants down?
Nice tits. Mind if I squeeze them?
Do you believe in karma? Because I know some good karma-sutra positions.
Your bone structure is giving my bone structure.
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Are you a shark? Cause I've got some swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you jewish? Cause the way you're looking at me, I'm beginning to think Jewish this dick was in your mouth.
Do you work for Papa Johns? Cause you're a fine pizza ass.
Girl are you a witch? Cause you know how to make something stand without even touching it
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get in your pants.
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
You should stop drinking, because you're driving me home!
You remind me of my cousin. I want to bang you so bad, but I know that I can't.
Please tell your boobs to stop looking at my eyes
My name is Haywood. Haywood Jablome.
Since we've been told to reduce waste these days, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire.
What can I do to make you sleep with me?
I wish you were a screen door, so I could slam you all day long!
Do you like yoga? Cause Yoganna love this dick.
Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.
I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart.
Wanna play Pearl Harbor? I'll lay on the ground and you blow the hell outta me!
If we were both squirrels, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
My dick's been feeling a little dead lately. Wanna give it some mouth-to-mouth?
They say sex is a killer... Do you want to die happy?
First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
Your lips are kinda wrinkled. Mind if I press them?
I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy.
So, Is it safe to say I'm gonna score?
I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
Do you like my belt buckle? (any response is okay ) It would look better against your forehead!
Do you wanna come to the Marines, or would your rather have a Marine come into you?
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap next to my bed.
We're out of bleach. Do you want to go in the janitor's closet and make out?
There are 206 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Wanna play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
What do you like for breakfast?
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Could I touch your belly button... from the inside?
Why don't you come over here, sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
Why don't you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
Are those lumberjack pants your wearing? They are giving me a wood.
You remind me of a championship bass, I don't know whether to mount you or eat you.
Hey baby there's a party in my pants and you are invited!
Can I walk through your bushes and climb your mountains?
Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
I'm a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
Do you take Visa?
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
You are the reason that god invented boners.
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.
There are so many things you can do with the human mouth... why waste it on talking?
How do you like your eggs? Poached, scrambled or fertilized?
You smell... We should go take a shower together.
Would you like a hotdog to go with those buns?
You're like my own personal brand of heroin.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
I'm a burglar and I'm gonna smash your backdoor in.
Do you wanna do something that rhymes with 'Truck'?
I have a rare disease that will kill me unless I have sex within the next 30 minutes.
Don't let me die! I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
Yeah, it's big and if you pet it, it spits
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
Do you wanna see why my nickname is 'tri-pod'?
I don't know what you think of me, but I hope it's X-rated.
Want to play lion tamer? You could get on all fours and I'll put my head in your mouth.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
Do you like chicken? Sorry, I haven't got any, how about a cock?
I think that we might be related. Let me check for the family birthmark on your chest.
It's not just going to suck itself.
I'm a writer, you're a writer, how about we get naked together and put some poetry in motion?
How about you be my story and I'll be your climax!
Is your name Dora? Cause I'll let you explore this dick.
I like your hair, your eyes, your smile... I like every bone in your body... Especially mine!
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Don't you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? (Yes.) In that case, mind if I check your oil level?
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.
Would you like to actively engage in mock procreation?
I'm easy. Are you?
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under.
Could you do me a favor? Could you get on your knees and smile like a donut?
This is a condom. If we put it on, we can have sex.
I WANT SEX! Sorry, the doctor said that would help...
Hey baby, what's your sign? Caution? Slippery when wet? Dangerous curves ahead? Yield?
Want to make a porno? We don't have to tape it.
Let's not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let's get to it.
Gee, that's a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
I don't know you, and you don't know me, but who's to say it's wrong if we sleep together?
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's in your bra?
Before I hit on you, do you have a problem with large genitalia?
I just popped a Viagra. So, we've got about 30 minutes to get back to your place.
You have a beautiful voice. I bet it would sound even better muffled by my penis.
If you can dance, you have my hand, but if you can sing, you have my heart.
Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.
Are you flappy bird? Cause I could tap you all night.
That's a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
Hi, I'm gay. Do you think you can convert me?
I'm the finger down your spine when all the lights go out.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
I'm trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I'm allergic to sex.
If the sun were to stop shining, I'd be your source of vitamin D.
How much will $20 get me?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I suck at pick up lines... nice tits.
Want to spend the night at my house tonight? The couch may not pull out, but I do.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
What are you doing tonight? Besides me, of course?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the 'd' cause you'll get that later!
My name is Skittles... wanna taste my rainbow?
Can I see your blueprints? I wanna lay some pipe in you and need to know that you're structurally sound enough to do so.
Are those pants on sale? Cause they're 100% off at my place!
Can I punch you in the face... with my lips?
My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in?
I'm with the TSA and I need to perform a full body cavity search, for security reasons.
Can I be the wiener in your hotdog?
I only have 12 hours to live... please don't let me die a virgin.
I'm bigger and better than the Titantic - only 200 women went down on that vessel!
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What has 132 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
You remind me of a crop, because I wanna plow you.
Do you like long cocks on the beach?
I'd crawl over a thousand miles of broken glass just to suck the dick of the last guy you slept with.
Hey baby, I've got a back seat with your name on it.
I wanna paint you green and spank you like a disobedient avocado.
I have the entire dictionary written on my dick.
Want me to put some words in your mouth??
You should join the circus so you can learn to juggle my balls all day.
Now that Trump is president, our country surely is screwed... and you can be too!
Why pay $5 at Subway when you can get this footlong for free?
My name is pogo. Would you like to jump on my stick?
If You Were A Dodge truck, I'd Ram You.
I wanna go inside your wine cabinet and pull myself out a stiff one.
Are you a candle? Because I want to blow you.
Was your father a welder? Because those sure are acetylene tits!
I'm no good at pick up lines, but I can pick you up and you will feel my line.
Are those space pants? Cuz your ass is out of this world!
Is your name David? Because I'm pretty sure you could have only be crafted at the hands of Michelangelo.
You look like a hard worker. I have an opening you can fill.
I know why they call it a beaver. Because I'm dying for some wood.
What's your name? Because I'll be screaming it all night long.
I'm wearing Revlon Colorstay Lipstick, want to help me test the claim that it won't kiss off?
I'm having a sale in my bedroom. My clothes are 100% off.
Do you work at Subway? Because I could really go for a footlong.
If I told you I worked at Home Depot, would you let me handle your tool?
Are you a candle? Because I'm going to blow you.
Are you a burger? Because you can be the meat between my buns.
I'm French Horny for your Tromboner.
Wanna make a seafood palette? You bring your mussels back to my place and I'll show you my clam.
Do you know how to drive stick? Because I sure as hell do.
Do these feel real to you?
Are you a taxidermist? Ok, wanna try stuffing my kitty anyway?
Do you eat tacos? Because my Taco Bell is open.
I've got the buns, do you have the hot dog?
Do you know what'd look good on you? Me.
Is my vagina crying, or are you just sexy?
In my nursing class we just learned how to bathe people... can I practice on you?
I want your flesh rocket in my hot pocket.
If I told you I worked for UPS, would you let me handle your package?
Happy Alentine's Day... I'll give you the 'V' later.
I'm not wearing any socks. And I have the panties to match.
My body has 206 Bones. Want to give me another one?
I don't feel so good. I think I need a shot of penis-illin.
You know what would make your face look better? If I sat on it.
Hi. I have a vagina.
You know what would make your face look better? If I sat on it.
That suit is very becoming on you. Then again, I would be too.
What's a nice guy like you doing with a body like that?
I can suck a golf ball thru 50 feet of garden hose.
Is it wet in here, or is it just my vagina?
How do you like your sausage in the morning... grilled or blown?
Wanna go back to my place and watch porn on my flat screen mirror?
Nice package. Let me unwrap that for you
Could you help me stick something down my throat so I can test my gag reflex
I lost my teddy bear. Can I sleep with you tonight?
How much woman can you handle?
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
Nice shirt. Is it made of boyfriend material?
Is that a banana in your pants cause I'll 'ape you
Are you a squirrel? Because I can see your nuts
Wanna go halfsies on a baby?
Did you just ring my doorbell? Well, you can come inside if you want
My taco would like you to meat it.
My body is a movie and your penis is the star!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
You make my software turn into hardware!
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
My servers never go down... but I do!
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
Want to see my Red Hat?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
Nice Set of Floppies!
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
You totally spiked my traffic.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
Your homepage or mine?
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
You auto-complete me.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
Need me to unzip your files?
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.
Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
You're the only thing I need in my Room of Requirement.
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.
Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
I wanna stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.
The Sorting Hat saw my destiny, and it said I'm meant to be in your house.
One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle.
You can have the portkey to my heart.
Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus.
Do you like Harry Potter? Because I a-Dumbledore you!
I'd let you handle my wand any day!
Is that a wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Did you make me your horcrux? Because my heart stopped when I met you.
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
Hey baby, what's your sine?
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
Are you a 90 degree angle? 'Cause you are looking right!
My love for you is like pi... never ending.
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?
Hey...nice asymptote.
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you're acute-y.
I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.
Can I explore your mean value?
The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant.
I'm good at math... let's add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
Our love is like dividing by zero... you cannot define it.
If you were a graphics calculator, I'd look at your curves all day long!
I've been secant you for a long time.
If I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?
Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
I'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge
You must be the square root of two because I feel irrational around you.
Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - I always tend towards you.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
I wish I was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
I hope you know set theory because I want to intersect and union you
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my problems!
My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate.
Do you need math help? Wanna expand my polynomial?
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're so hot, you denature my proteins.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Do you have 11 protons? 'Cause you're Sodium fine!
Do you like Science? Because I've got my ion you!
You must be gibberelin, because I'm experiencing some stem elongation.
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you've got a NiCe AsS!
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? 'Cause you are F-I-Ne
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Are you a compound of Beryllium and Barium? Because you're a total BaBe.
I'm more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron.
I will fondle your vesicles while you caress my golgi body.
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers.
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so i could get in you and explode!
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
Hey baby, why don't you get your ligase working on my okazaki fragment and lengthen my strand.
Hey, are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
Do you want to extract some protein from my column?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
We can make a mess as I've hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because baby, I want you!
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
If I were a Shwann cell, I'd squeeze areound your axon and give you a fast action potential.
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
I want to stick to u like glue-cose.
You must be the one for me, since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
Can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria!
I have a smooth endoplasmic reticulum but know that I like it rough, if you know what I mean.
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight.
Spin me round with your basal body and make sure it's turgid.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry would have caused some problems for you.
I might be a physics major, but I'm no Bohr in bed.
Your lab bench, or mine?
Your eyes have a perfect wavelength of 563.4 nm.
Don't you hate it how the coyote always remains suspended in midair until he looks down? It's just SO misleading.
Hey baby. It's massive. You know what I'm talking about.
What's your resonance frequency?
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Wanna couple our equations tonight?
Can I have your significant digits?
I haven't gotten laid in 4 years, 3 months, and 12 days, plus-or-minus 2 days. Would you care to check my error bars?
Did you swallow a magnet? Because you're attractive.
Top quark or bottom quark?
You're more special than relativity.
My last partner wasn't very stable. She spontaneously decayed last week and left me for a neutrino.
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
How do you feel about group experiments?
Like the ideal vacuum, you're the only thing in my universe.
Heisenberg was wrong. I'm certain about what you're doing tonight.
Those other guys said that your eyes shine like stars. But can they explain how they shine with equal brightness?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Even if there were no gravity on Earth, I'd still fall for you!
Let's exchange fermions!
Engineers don't know the first thing about pleasing a woman. Friction alone can't get the job done.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
Two large masses that are close together are supposed to radiate gravitational waves. I think that you're a big part of that.
I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun - with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared.
I'm hung like a Foucault pendulum.
If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
You must be a choir director, because you make my heart sing!
This cello isn't the only big wood between my legs.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are makin' me horny!
I may not be Mumford, but do you want to have my sons?
Let's make some sweet music together, honey.
You can tickle my ivories anytime, baby.
I can make you hit all the high notes!
You had me at cello.
Excuse me, do you believe in premarital sax?
Would you like to play my organ?
I'd like to finger your fret board.
Flute players provide some cheap trills.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Good boys deserve more than just fudge.
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Save a drum, bang a drummer.
This reed isn't the only thing I can get wet.
That's a nice set of mallets you have.
Damn girl, you're lookin' sharp!
I'd love to strum your g-string
I just lost my job and may be Baroque, but that doesn't mean I can't show you a good time.
Perhaps you and your friend would like to play a trio with me?
The pads on my MPC2000XL aren't the only thing I'll be banging tonight.
My embouchure is good for more than just playing the trumpet, if you know what I mean.
I bet that flute isn't the only thing you know how to blow.
Slow down girl, you're giving me a woodwind.
You wanna grease my slide?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I bet we'd get into some serious Treble together.
Let's play a love game. I'll be Alejandro, you be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick.
Composers always score.
Can I Hakuna your ma-tatas?
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
I can take you to infinity and beyond.
Call me Pooh, because all I want is you, honey.
Give me a Woody and I'll make you Buzz for light years.
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
I must be Lighting McQueen, 'cause you've got my heart racing.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we mermaid for each other.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
You are part of the circle of my life.
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
You don't need a spoonful of sugar to make me go down.
I'd really like to Poke-her-hontas.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Can you feel the love tonight?
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
Honestly, I just wanna get The Sword in the Stone!
Hi my name is Mickey, and there is nothing Minnie about me!
Minnie, want to see my polka dot bed sheets?
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Things are much better down where it's wetter.
I want to stuff you like a Tofurkey.
I'll eat your peach if you try my zucchini.
Hey baby, can I milk your soybeans?
Baby, you marinate my tempeh.
Yours is the only meat I will ever put in my body.
I wanna paint you green and spank you like a disobedient avocado.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
I bet you could really go for a hot veggie dog right about now.
I am sure we could both reach the big O in no time. Organic that is.
My heart is certified cage-free, so my love can roam to you.
Even though I'm a vegetarian, I still need my daily dose of meat and protein.
I bought some new hemp sheets, wanna try them out?
If I give you my number will you promise to kale me?
You may be vegan, but I know you want my meat.
Can I cover you in agave nectar?
Wanna come up and see my Vitamix?
You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!
Your mouth says, 'Shields up!', but your eyes say, 'A hull breach is imminent.'
I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!
Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Honey, you've been looking for love in Alderaan places!
I may look like an Ewok, but I'm all Wookie where it counts, baby.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Yoda one for me.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.
I've been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my wookie!
Once you make love to a man with Vulcan ears on you never go back.
How 'bout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.
Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom's place and watch 'Dr. Who'?
Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
Nice Asimov.
Nice pants, baby. What's the drop rate?
Your eyes are so blue, they remind me of 24 stam gems.
You must be a Rogue because I was stunned when I first saw you.
Yeah, that's right... I'm hung like a tauren.
I've heard that you are an Epic mount.
Come on, girl... I have the blessing of protection!
Why don't you seduce me? My resistance is low.
Hey Girl, do ya wanna socket my gem?
Can I raid your molten core?
Want to touch my Staff of Rampant Growth?
You must be whitemane, because you just made my champion arise!
My staff can use a little enchant. I have mats and will tip!
I'm no Kobald, but you can take my candle anytime!
My Heart is BOP and you just rolled
Need Have you ever procced flurry on a Gizmo-tron jackhammer?
Baby, being with me is like a Paladin casting Divine Shield.
It'll last about 10 seconds and you won't feel a thing.
You can summon my Imp!
Are you a vendor, because I'd like to browse your goods.
Want to get hammered by justice?
I have a libram of the Kama Sutra.
Hunters do it from 41 yards away.
Warlocks are masters of shadow magic.
That means we do it in the dark.
My divine purpose is to please you.
Forget that rogue. As a Druid, I've got the strength AND the agility.
Wait till you see what my combo points can do in the bed room.
Do ya wanna grind?
Do you feel it? And that just my aura.
Us druids are known for our longevity.
Wanna take my Swift Pink Hawkstrider for a ride?
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press start to join and be my player 2.
If I were an NES cartridge would you blow me?
Don't worry babe, I'm a gamer, so you can trust me to be good with my fingers.
I'm like an Xbox... I can go 360 all night long!
I need experience points. Will you help?
Do you like Nintendo? Cause Wii would look good together.
Are you a Wii? Because I love your joystick!
Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Roses are red, violets are blue. If you were a Pokemon, I'd choose you.
Are you a care package? Because you must've fallen from heaven.
I'm gonna be Bigocto this time, and I'm gonna suck you up.
Is your name Joy? Cause I want you to jump on my stick!
Are you made of Diamonds, because I'm digging you.
Are you an Xbox 360? Cause I'll do you till you got 3 red rings.
Wanna leave this lobby and go into a private match?
Are you a magic mushroom? Because you are making me grow.
If Princess Toad looked liked you, I would have killed Bowser years ago!
You are hotter than Din's fire.
I'm not possessed by Majora's Mask, I'm just crazy for you.
I better put on my Goron tunic, because you're too damn hot.
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you.
Are you Alienware? Because you are out of this world.
If you were a warp tube, I'd be in you all day.
I took an arrow to the knee... from cupid, after seeing you.
Girl, I got more game than a PS4!
You light my Deku Stick on fire.
You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.
Are you Mortal Kombat? Your beauty has finished me
I want to ride you harder than Mario rides Yoshi.
Full character customization could never capture your beauty
Call me Lara Croft because I'm about to go Tomb Raiding.
Nice pants, baby. What's the drop rate?
It takes two to play Pong
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because that ass is refreshing
Are you a slimeball? Cause you make my piston sticky
You're not 18 yet? No problem, I know the Song of Time.
What's a girl like you doing in a Forest Temple like this?
Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful.
Do you wanna battle? 'Cuz my balls are at the ready!
My love for you burns like a Charizard's tail.
If I were a Nidoking, you would be my Nidoqueen.
If I were a Milktank, I'd use ATTRACT on you.
Looking at your ass makes my bulba soar.
Want to register your number in my PokeNav?
Is that a Sudowoodo in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
I'd like to ride you like a HORSEA.
When I look at you, my Metapod can't get any harder.
You remind me of Pokemon, I just want to Pikachu.
Do you wanna play my Poke Flute?
When I'm around you, I am like a Geodude, as hard as a rock!
I want to Squirtle all over your Jigglypuffs.
Do you wanna play with my Poke Balls?
I think I need a Paralyze Heal, because you're stunning.
My Pokeballs are SWIFT in your mouth.
Are you a RARE CANDY? 'cuz I feel a level-up.
If you were a Pokemon, I'D CHOOSE YOU!
Do you wanna LICKILICKY my icky sticky.
My Donphan won't ROLLOUT for you much longer.
Do you wanna see what's in my ball bag?
Do you wanna see my POLI-WAG?
Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night.
Can I fertilize you with my sunkern?
How would you like me to use my Onix to BIND you to my bed?
My Gyarados is BIG enough for you to ride it ALL day and night.
Hey baby, wanna SPOINK?
I've got Masterballs baby.
Your more beautiful than a Beautifly.
Let's have a Togepi of our own!
Want my Caterpie to use String Shot on you?
I'd like to get in your rock tunnel.
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
You'll be WEEZING after I'm done with you.
You've got the lips of a Jynx!
Can I get into YOUR Secret Base?
You make my Darkrai rise.
You remind me of Deoxys, you're out of this world.
Those are some nice HOOTHOOTS you got there.
I just want to stick it in your wooper.
The name's cock..i mean brock..wait, i said that right.
My Kadabra just used Future Sight, and it looks like we've got a future together.
How would you like to see my viridian forest, well it's not really viridian.
How about you come and see my safari zone.
Want to ride my emPOLEon?
You're such a good catch, i think i'll use my only MASTER BALL on you.
Let's make like a Super Rod and hook up.
I'm going to Hoppip into your pants.
My Shellder wants to clamp onto your Slowpoke's tail!
Squirtle isn't the ONLY one that can use water gun. - wink -
Do you like Pokeballs because you're about to get really close to one of mine.
I wish I was a Seaking, so I could HORN DRILL you.
Let's make RegiLove!
Want to Link your cable onto me?
I'd like to Leech my Seeds into you.
Aipom's pretty good with his hands, and so am I.
I wanna see your Squirtle squirt.
If I was a Pokemon right now, I'd be an Erectabuzz
I think we're going to need Defog (HM05) before the night is done.
I'd like to Slowpoke your Cloyster.
Are you a Hitmonlee cause your body is kickin'.
My Typhlosion knows Eruption.
You make me feel like an Electrode, you give me an EXPLOSION in my pants.
You make me errupt like the Cinnabar Island volcano.
You must be a Charmander because you're getting me hot.
Let's make like the pages of this guide book and get under the covers.
Baby, I'm a Mismagius. I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true.
My Lickitung can reach deeper than you can imagine!
Don't make me use Water Gun all over you!
Are you from the Hoenn Region? 'Cuz you're the only HO I see.
I wanna Munchlax your Cloyster.
I'm a real Machamp, if you know what I mean.
How about you use REST, so i can sleep with you.
My Typhlosion knows EXPLOSION!!
I heard Meowth's not the only mischievious pussy in town.
Have you been taking lessons from a Lickitung?
Did you just FLASH(HM 05) me?
Your gonna need a HYPERPOTION by the time i'm done with you.
You set my Chimchar on fire.
I'll use ROCK CLIMB in your Fortress.
My Diglett's attracted to your SWEET SCENT.
Did you use CONFUSE RAY?, cuz your making me dizzy.
Do you wanna see my NUGGETS? I'd POUND you with my Piplup.
You make me RY-HORNY!
You just gave me a Cubone.
My Bulbasaur knows TICKLE.
I can make your Jigglypuffs sing.
I can make your Milktanks moo.
I wish you and I were Weedles, so you and I could make a Kakuna and evolve together.
Hey, I've got some legendary pokemon, do you want to touch my pokeballs to see just how legendary they are?
If you were a pokemon, you'd be a Squirtle, cause you make me wet!
Let's go make a Mewtwo of our own.
I wish I was a Magikarp, so I could use SPLASH on you!
My Exeggcute are pretty weak.
Let's battle so they can get some experience.
Wanna watch my EKANS evolve?
I made you some MOO-MOO MILK, but I forgot to use my Milktank.
You make my Gyrados HYDROPUMP!
I wanna spread HONEY on your Forretress.
If I were a Ghastly, I'd seep right through your pants.
You give my Gengar that smile.
If I were a Hitmonchan, I'd Thunderpunch dat ass.
Is that a TANGELA down there?
Do you wanna see my BELL-SPROUT?
Will you use ROCK POLISH on my Pokeballs?
I wish I was an Abra, so I could TELEPORT to your bedroom.
If I were a Pidgeotto, I'd GUST your pants off.
It's a good thing that I'm a pokemon trainer and can handle your Jigglypuffs!
If I were a Clefairy, I'd DOUBLE-SLAP dat ass.
Do you have a Ditto in your pocket because I can see myself in your pants.
My Magikarp knows a little more than SPLASH if you know what I mean.
I like to compare myself with Smeargle...I'm pretty handy with a paintbrush.
I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot.
Why don't you and me go back to my gym and have a naked battle.
Do you want to help my ekans learn intercourse?
starMiE and starYU belong together do you get the message?
I've got an Onyx, and if you come over to my place I'll show you his move Earthquake (TM 27).
I wish you were the ground and I was a Diglett so I could be inside of you.
The day I saw you, I cancelled my shaadi.com account
You put the desi in desirable.
Baby, we go together like daal and bhaat.
You're like chutney... you spice up my life!
Your ammi must have eaten a lot of curry while she was pregnant with you, because you're sizzling hot!
You are the chutney to my samosa.
Baby, you're hotter then garaam garaam chai.
Are you from India? Cause I'm trying to get In-di-a pants.
You wanna taste my kulfi?
One night with me and you'll feel like the Ganges.. Wet, dirty, and constantly moving.
Are you heading to India? 'Cause I'd Goa anywhere with you!
You know, our parents engaged us when we were little... I guess they forgot to tell you.
When I look at you... kuch kuch hotha hai
I wanna be the sambal to your dosa.
That sari looks very nice on you, but it would look even better on my bedroom floor.
You are like rice and curry... I could eat you all day.
Can I borrow a rupee? I promised my amma I'd call her when I found the woman am going to marry.
Your butt is rounder than my idlis.
Baby, I'd love to squeeze your gulab jamuns.
Baby, you are spicier than this chicken curry.
If I were a tabla, I'd let you bang me all night long.
Are you a jalebi? Because there's nothing sweeter than you!
Do you like raita? Cause I'd like to get raita up on you.
That's a nice sari. Can I talk you out of it?
How about we get together and I mix my pani with your puri.
Hey girl, you wanna strum my sitar?
Are you a dhol? Cause I wanna tap that ass.
Are you wearing a sari? Well, you won't be sari if you go out with me.
Your butt is like a dhol. I want to bang it all night long.
I will curry on loving you, for as long as life will aloo me.
Hey baby, mind if i send my probe into your wormhole?
Is that a telescope in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Hey girl! Let me orbit around that ass.
How about you let me take you to the Planetarium? We can learn about astronomy then afterward maybe I can explore Uranus.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
There will only be 7 planets left after I destroy Uranus.
I think you might be a star, because I can't stop orbiting around you.
Do you also feel the strong gravitational pull of my bed?
Do you work for NASA? Because you're out of this world.
How about you and I form a binary system?
My space ship is ready. Wanna ride?
Hey baby, wanna witness a gamma ray burst?
Ever wonder what's happening under Orion's belt?
Hey, wanna come to my place and observe something else that's constantly expanding?
Hey, how'd you like to recreate the Big Bang?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Are you into astronomy? Because your ass is out of this world.
Baby, you're like a white dwarf star, extremely hot but not very bright.
Hey baby, how many Gamma-ray bursts can your Milky Way take?
Kiss me! Let me taste your sweet lips before the asteroid destroys earth
Nice asteroids.
Mind if my comet enters your solar system?
My pants are approaching escape velocity.
Wanna ride my Monster truck?
You sure have white teeth, you must brush em!
Did you fart? Cause you blew me away.
I am cooking out so if you want some juicy sausage come on over.
Are we related? Cause my pappy done told me to keep it in the family!
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Are both of those teeth real?
Your eyes are like spanners. Every time I look at you my nuts tighten.
You look good in that lumberjack shirt but I would like to see you out of it.
If yer gunna regret this in the mornin, we kin sleep til the afternoon.
Oh Boy, I soiled my pants, can me get into yours?
Are yer parents retarded?cuz ya sure are special.
Baby, you must be a broom, cause you just swept me off my feet.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
I wish I had some butter for them biscuits.
You remind me of cheese... I want you on everything!
Were you born in a farm? You look a-maize-ing.
Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a Fineapple.
Do you sell hot dogs? Because you sure know how to make a wiener stand.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner!
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
Can you put some hot sauce on my enchilada, I need some spice in my life
Life would be feta if we were togetha.
Are you a fruit? Cause honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I want to stuff your crust.
Do you live in a corn field? Cause I'm stalking you!
How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Did you just come from KFC, cause your thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.
You're like my favorite candy bar, half sweet, half nuts.
Baby if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Let me be a chicken nugget and take a dip in your sauce.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans.
I like my women like I like my doughnuts - HOT and HOLY!
Do you like Alphabet soup? Cause you gonna be choking on the D
I like my women like I like my ice cream, fat free and dripping down my fingers.
Do you like Krispy Kreme? Cause I wanna glaze your donut.
Do you like hot dogs girl? Cause I'd like to put my weiner between those buns
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
I wish I were your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
Were your parents engineers? Because you have a nice design.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
You have cuter dimples than a cardioid!
Nice set of parabolas!
Yes, that is a slide rule in my pocket.
Lets implement a baby which can inherit us.
Would you like to be the numerator or the denominator?
You must be differentiable, because all I see are smooth curves.
Your 127.0.0.1 or mine?
Baby what do you say me go make some perpetual motion?
You NP-complete me.
I won't stop bugging you until I get the address of your home page.
If I said you had a nice calculator, would you hold it against me?
Damn girl you must be a strong magnetic field cause you just induced a flow somewhere in me.
Can I do your Systems Analysis?
Are you a piece of carbon? Because I would love to date you.
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge.
I'd like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won't know the volume of mine until tonight.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
Has anyone ever called you FAT? They were dead-wrong! You are NTFS, obviously.
Hey Baby, wanna come back to my lab and work with my microprocessor?
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function.
Life without you is like dereferencing a NULL pointer.
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Are you a White Walker? Because I want you to have my babies
Is it hot in here because of the long summer, or is it just you?
Are Hodor's legs tired? Because he's been carrying you through my mind all day
I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you!
I've fallen harder for you than Bran Stark.
If you come up north for me, I'll go down south for you.
Do you smith Valyrian steel? Because you just gave me one of the hardest swords in the land.
Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!
Want to see how sullied I am?
I may be an imp, but I never go limp.
Are you my direwolf? Because I can definitely see myself taking over your body.
I may be king in the north, but I want to be the king of your heart.
Someone should tell the Old Gods and the New Gods that heaven is missing an angel
I don't need blood magic to raise your Dothraki king
You must be my sister, because I'm extremely attracted to you.
Are your clothes a slave? Because I'd like to free you of them.
Are you a traitor to the crown? Because I can definitely see you giving head to my pike.
Show me your dragon, I'll make it spit fire!
If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you.
Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Did it hurt... when you fell from the Moon Door?
Are you made of Dragon Glass? Because you're melting my heart.
You must be part halfwit, because the only thing you'll be screaming tonight is my name. And my name is Hodor.
I am the king, so if you don't go out with me, I'll kill your dad.
I'll stick you with my pointy end.
Is that milk of poppy in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a Warg? Because I bet you're an animal in the sheets.
Are you a servant of the Lord of Light, Rh'llor? Because I'm burning up around you.
I'd climb the entire wall just to get your digits, girl!
Have you taken a lifelong vow of celibacy or are you just playing hard to get?
Your beauty has pierced my heart like a Morgul Blade.
I last longer than Boromir.
I wanna go inside your hobbit hole.
The fires of Mount Doom aren't nearly as hot as you are.
I'll put a ring on it!
Hey baby, wanna blow my Horn of Gondor?
I'll take your Hobbit to my Isengard.
Are you the ring? 'Cause I've got my eye on you.
I'd like to have an Inn at your prancing pony.
Are you an Orc? 'Cause baby, you're making my Sting glow.
I erupt like Mount Doom for you, baby!
Girl, you're like a Balrog - smokin' hot!
Baby, I'll make you scream like the Nazgul.
I would eat poison berries for you.
I would love to see you again - can I get your smoke signal?
I'm really into inter-district dating.
Are you Katniss Everdeen? Because you've got my district in an uprising.
I really want to strike up a conversation, but my breath smells like blood.
Are you a post-apocalyptic teenage tribute? Cause you look like you've got survival skills.
Girl, you look like you were created by Cinna himself.
We could fall in love... or I could kill you.
Are you a tribute? Because you've been running through my arena of death all day.
Hi, I'm Haymitch. How 'bout you buy me a drink?
Hey sweetie, are you even old enough to be in this place? You don't look a day over 11.
Are you a Gamemaker? 'Cause I feel like you're in control of my fate.
Girl, you're ON FIRE!
I know I should be killing 12-year-olds while tending to my gaping flesh wound, but I had to stop by to tell you that you have absolutely beautiful eyes.
I'm sorry, I had to come over and get a better look at you - you really resemble a girl I once bludgeoned to death with a twig.
Thanks to Twilighters Anonymous!
Hi. The voices in my head just told me to come talk to you.
Am I dead? Because I think I just met an angel.
Have you been drinking, or do I intoxicate you?
I have a private island. Wanna see it?
I can go from furry to naked in 1.3 seconds
Will you be the mother of my puppies?
Hey baby, need a mechanic for that finely tuned body?
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Is that a sonic screwdriver in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
You've stolen both my hearts!
Would you let me be the one to open your Pandorica.
You know what they say about Time Lords with long scarves...
Come back to my place and you can call me The Master.
A cyberman couldn't delete you from my heart.
Are you a Dalek? Cause you've been rolling through my mind all night.
Baby, you just gave me Torchwood.
SEXTERMINATE!!
Are you a Tardis? Cause when I look into your eyes I feel like I'm flying around the universe.
I'd like to take you out for texting and scones.
PROCREATE!!
Why don't you come back to my place so we can have some wibbly wobbly timey wimey?
I hear you're Allon-easy.
I won't blink cause baby, you're a weeping angel.
Wanna tickle my tardis?
Are you an angel? Because I haven't blinked since I first saw your face.
You make my centurion stand at attention.
Can I stick my fish fingers in your custard?
You're so Oodiful. Wanna come back to my place?
You can play Doctor Donna.
INSEMINATE!!
Real men know how to cook.
Girl, your eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's crystal!
My love for you is 99.1% pure.
Screw Meth. Love is my drug.
Baby, the only thing clearer than this batch of crystal is the rock I'll put on your finger.
Come inside my RV and I'll show you some real chemistry.
I like your dress, but it would look better on the floor of my meth lab.
I own a carwash. Let's get dirty.
I won't call you bitch unless you want me to. -Jesse
You are the Lily to my Valley.
Girl, I'm about to explode in my pants like an improperly run meth lab.
Crystal Meth ain't got nothing on you, baby!
I'm in the DEA and I'm totally DTF. -Hank
Feelin' lonely, girl? Better call Saul!
If the trailer's a rockin', don't come a knockin'!
I'm just like the show 'Mad Men'.
I'll make you wait until Sunday night, and then I'll make you scream.
I don't mind sleeping alone, but napping in my office without you is unbearable.
You don't want to get in this boys club... it wants to get in you.
Forget growing old together, let's pickle our youth in gin together.
If you really love me, you'll make me your mistress.
I'm not trying to hit on you. I'm selling you a product, and that product is me.
I'm just like Peggy Olson... Come back to my place, I've got all the ideas and will do all the work.
I'm guaranteed best on the market, voted #1 in satisfaction, and will leave you feeling refreshed, relaxed and invigorated.
Let's ignore the Surgeon General's warning together... Lucky Strike?
Hey baby, let's take a 17-month hiatus together and then pretend it never happened.
The sun's almost down. Why aren't you drunk yet?
Can I expense you a drink?
When I get sad, I stop being sad.. and I be awesome instead. True Story.
This.. what you're doing here - is giving me a de-rection
Barney alllllwaaaysss gets the yes!
I physically cannot take bad pictures. I don't know why. Just ask god.
I'm Barney, I don't get smitten. I smite.
With great penis comes great responsibility
Believe it or not, I wasn't always as awesome as I am today.
Barney is single... it's what America has been clamoring for!
You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.
It's gonna be legend-... wait for it... (and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is) DAIRY!
Wanna see my Hard Drive? I promise it's not small or floppy.
You give me epsilon, I'll give you Delta. Together we can find limits.
You turn my software into hardware.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
Does your v-card have a code? Because I will hack it.
Are you Full of Beryllium, Gold and Titanium? Because you are BE-AU-TI-FULL!
You must be the square root of -1, because you can't be real.
Are you less than 90 degrees, because you're acute girl.
I wish I was adenine, so I could get paired with U.
You're a photo quanta to my valence electron - you excite me to another level.
I wish I was your differential equation homework, because then I'd be really hard and you'd be doing me on your desk.
If I could make any compound, I'd make Uranium Iodide, so I could put U and I together.
You must be the square root of two, because I feel irrational around you.
It's not the length of the vector that counts, it's how you apply the force.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because I want you!
Can I be your enzyme? Because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
On a scale from 0001 to 1010, you're an 1011.
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me - rough or smooth?
You're so hot you denature my proteins.
Your bosons - they give me a hadron.
I'm sure Max Planck would approve of your hot body.
Come back to my lab and I'll show you that the Big Bang isn't just a theory.
There is no cache, let's just go straight to the hard drive.
Whenever I'm near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration, because you take my breath away.
Girl, your name must be phylum, because you are above class.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.
Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!
Do you like Kelloggs? Wanna frost my flakes?
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
Did you just come from KFC, cause your thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.
You remind me of a green bottle. Because I wanna Mount and Do you!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Have you been eating Cocoa Puffs? Because I'm going cookoo for you
How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?
I don't need Apple Maps to get lost in your eyes.
I want you more than a Haagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Are you thirsty? Cause I can give you the Sunny-D
I wish you were a carousel at Wal-Mart so I could ride you all day long for just a quarter!
I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow?
I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Take me to Papa John's, because this love is at 425 degrees.
Are you a bottle of Coke? Because you open my happiness.
My name is Hostess... Because I have the cream filling
Are you McDonalds? 'Cause you're going straight to my thighs.
Let's make like fabric softener and Snuggle.
I may be hung like a tic-tac, but I'll leave your breath minty fresh!
Girl are you my new iPhone? Cause I can't stop staring at you in public.
Do you work for UPS? 'Cause I swear I saw you checking out my package!
My dong is a rental car company - it Hertz!
Girl, I'm an American Express lover - you shouldn't go home without me!
I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade!
Baby, you got more legs than a bucket of KFC!
Call me Mountain Dew, 'cause when we hang we'll have a Baja Blast!
What's the difference between a boner and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini right now
You must've been made by Intel to be that hot!
Do you have a Bandaid? Cause I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Why pay $5 at Subway, when you can't get this footling for free.
When I'm around you I can't think straight.
Do you mind if I push in your stool?
Nice butt! What time does it open?
I've never seen such a huge bulge in a man's pants... wait a minute, yes I have - mine!
Are you a burger, because you can be the meat between my buns!
I'm so GLAAD to have met you!
You know, being bi-sexual immediately doubles your chances for getting a date on a Saturday night.
Les-bi-honest... you were checking me out, weren't you?
It's a good thing same-sex marriage is legal here, because I'm already planning our wedding.
If you and I were the last men on earth, I bet we could do it in public.
Did you know that my dong is an 8.0 on the rectal scale?
May I stick a banana in your tailpipe?
Are you balding, because you sure do SHINE.
Excuse me, could you help me out? I have an incredible itch that's buried deep in my butt.
Is that a double-ended vibrator in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
I hope you dont have tetnus cause tonight you're gonna nail me.
We're having a wiener-measuring contest over there. Do you have a yardstick that we could borrow?
I hope you're not a vegetarian, 'cause I want to feed you some meat!
I bet your license got suspended for driving all these guys crazy.
Hey there, you like glazed or creme filled?
I know you think I'm sexy, I know you think I'm fine, but just like all the other guys get a number and wait in line.
I seem to have lost my underwear, can I see yours?
Do you like the Teletubbies? Because you look like Tinkie Winkie.
I'm an interior decorator. I can fill your interior.
You remind me of a Twinkie. Every time I bite into you, you cream in my mouth.
Are you sure you're not a tower? Because Eiffel for you.
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get your number.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Are you Vietnamese? Cause I'm falling pho you.
Your clothes would look great on my Florence.
Would you allow me Du-bai you a drink?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
I know we just met, but I Cairo lot about you.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish girl I've ever seen.
Are you heading to India? 'Cause I'd Goa anywhere with you!
Are you from the U.K.? Because I want U, K?
Are you from India? Cause I'm trying to get In-di-a pants.
Do you mind if I sit down, cause Jamaican my heart race!
I hope you're not a monk, cause I'd love to go Tibet with you.
Are you sure you're not from South Korea? Because I know you're my Seoul-mate.
I Ecua-dor you!
You've Mozambiqued my interest.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Everything has been so wonderful since you Cayman to my life
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
This wouldn't feel like a Lonely Planet if I were with you.
I'm Havana dream about you.
We Bali know each other, but I Jakarta take my eyes off you!
Hi, 'Hanoi'ce to meet you. 'Ha long' you been coming here?
You must be from Paris, 'cause you're driving me in-Seine.
Who needs a map when one can Rome freely in your beautiful eyes?
Belize me, baby, I will Peru'v my love for you at any Costa Rica.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
The way our eyes were Interlaken, I knew you were the one.
What took you so long? I've been Kuwait-ing for you my whole life.
Do you have a quarter I can Bora Bora?
I want to call my mom and tell her I've met the girl of my dreams.
Did you overstay your visa? Because you got 'fine' written all over you.
Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
Are you from Japan? Because Udon know how much I adore you.
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
You must be Portuguese because I could Lisbon to that accent all night long.
I want to flip your Ipswich, over Andover, Andover again.
This may not be India, but since I saw you I've felt like I'm in Lucknow.
Are you tired? Because you've been running through my mind all day!
Are you lost? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Do you have a map? I just keep getting lost in your eyes.
Excuse me, I seem to have lost my phone number, can I please borrow yours?
I lost my virginity... can I have yours?
Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money?
Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
My body is telling me yes. I hope yours is doing the same thing.
Hey, I lost my underwear, can I see yours?
There must be a magnet in my pants, because I'm attracted to your buns of steel!
I'm addicted to yes, and I'm allergic to no. So what's it gonna be?
Hey, why go for the best when you can go for the rest?
If I flip a coin what are my chances of getting head?
Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
I just shit in my pants... Can I get in yours?
Be unique and different, just say yes.
I'm gay but you might just turn me straight.
Is that a tic-tac in your blouse or are you just glad to see me?
Hey, somebody farted. Lets get out of here!
You've got the whitest teeth I have ever seen!
Are you Swedish? Because you're the sweetish girl I've met!
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
Are those space pants? Because your butt is out of this world!
If beauty were measured in seconds, you'd be an hour!
Hey honey, I got money!
My name is Peter Pan, because I can take you to Never Never Land.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
You look like trash, may I take you out?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because you obviously landed on your face.
You smell... We should go take a shower together.
You look fabulous... for your age.
You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
Roses are red, violets are black, why is your chest as flat as my back?
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.
Do you like to dance? Well then, could you go dance so I can talk to your friend?
I was just curious? Are you as good as all the guys say you are?
I had your sister last year, she sucked. Wanna defend your family honor?
How much will $20 get me?
Excuse me, is that semen in your hair?
Did you fall from heaven? Cause your face is pretty messed up!
I just finished a round of golf, wanna be my 19th hole today?
I hope you like it rough because I don't replace my divots.
Your putt looks great in those jeans.
Wanna be my caddy? You look like you'd be a great ball-washer.
So what's it gonna be today, Stroke Play or Skins?
How about grabbing two of your friends so we can play a foursome?
I'm a bit tired, so can we just play your backside tonight?
I'm still working on my approach, but I think I have a pretty good swing.
I'm known on the tour for having a lengthy club.
Are you sure you aren't all four majors? Because you would be a grand slam!
Are you looking for the fairway? Because coming back to my hotel is the only fair way for this evening to go.
From the moment I saw you, I've had a vertical shaft angle.
Hey girl, I can make your V-jay sing!
I'm like the US Open... hard and long!
Do you like basketball? Because when I saw you, my D. Rose.
I'd love to take it to the hole and drop my balls in your Hoop!
If you were a basketball, I'd never pass because I want to keep you all to myself.
Do you know what the Indiana Pacers and I have in common? Solid D.
You may have heard that I'm a great ballhandler. Wanna sample my skills?
Your Jordan jersey looks nice, but I bet it'd look even nicer on my bedroom floor.
Instead of zone defense, what do you say we play some man-to-woman coverage tonight?
If you were a basketball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
You be the Bulls and I'll bring the Heat!
If you were a basketball, would you let me lay you up?
Do you play football? Because you've got a tight end.
You're so hot, I'd let you penetrate my defense.
Consider this your two-minute warning... before I kiss you.
Do you prefer two hand touch or full contact?
I like your Patriots jersey, but I bet it'd look even better on my bedroom floor.
I'm gonna go for two after I score.
I'd love to touchdown in your end zone.
Instead of zone defense, can we try some man-to-woman coverage tonight?
How about we kick off a new relationship tonight?
I've never made an incomplete pass, and I hope you won't be my first.
Wanna be my receiver tonight?
Are you going to ask me out soon, or do I need to call a delay of game penalty?
Are you an eligible receiver... of my phone number?
I wish you were on the team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.
I'm falling in glove with you.
I hope you're good at catching cause I'm starting to fall for you.
You're quite the catch, baby.
I'm an umpire - give me your number so I can make the call.
Are we in the bullpen? Cuz you're warming me up.
Are you in the outfield? Because you're an angel.
You know, I've never needed a third base coach to wave me home.
My dugout, or yours?
Us baseball players know our way around the bases.
I'd lay down a sacrifice for you.
I'd got to bat for you, babe.
Can I pinch hit on you?
If you date me, you'll eventually see a diamond.
Is your name Strike? Because you're a perfect 10!
I think it's time we ditched these gutter balls and got out of here, what do you say?
You know what else has three holes?
I'd sure like to pin you down.
Are you a bowler? Because you're right up my alley!
Excuse me, miss. I just wanted to strike up a conversation.
Forgive my forwardness. My mind's been in the gutter all night long.
Are you a pinsetter? Because you just swept me off my feet.
My lanes are freshly waxed, if you know what I mean.
You've got a great rack there.
I bet my stick would feel great in your crease.
I promise I'm good for more than just a one-timer.
What do you say we drop the gloves and go at it?
Nice Skates... wanna puck?
You know, less teeth means more tongue!
I'd love to serve a 5 minute penalty in your box.
Do you have a jersey? Because I need your name and number.
You wanna be my equipment manager?
Wanna go for a ride on my Zam-boner?
I bet I can score on your 5-hole I've got a curved stick.
I'm good on the ice, but I'm GREAT in bed!
My skateblade's not the only thing made of steel.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
Ever kiss a guy with no teeth?
Hi, my name's Stanley... wanna see my cup?
If I can't score, can I at least get an assist?
If you were a puck, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
Can I slip one past your goalie?
You think Zdeno Chara has a long stick? Wait until you see mine!
I bet you play soccer, because you're a keeper.
You know... Soccer players can go for 90 minutes and know 11 different positions...
Are you Suarez? Cause I'll let you bite me all night.
If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?
I won't give you a yellow card if you take off your shirt.
Are you David Beckham? Because I'd bend for you.
I must say, you're more beautiful than the beautiful game.
You wanna score or just knock around my balls?
You're allowed to use your hands in this game.
Do you play soccer? Because I think I'm gonna score tonight.
Can I be one of the men in your box?
If you were a soccer ball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
I can go 90 minutes without stopping.
Baby I can be Spain and you can be Ireland, tonight. In other words, I'm gonna screw you hard!
You're allowed to use your hands in this game.
Your stick skills are amazing. I bet you know all the tricks.
Can I put my lacrosse stick in your goal?
Do you like to play lacrosse? Because you can have my stick.
Is that a ball in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Save a horse, ride a lacrosse player.
Just call me your personal laxtitute.
Baby win me over like you win the face off.
Do you want to be my doubles partner for life?
Wanna play some tennis? I got one racket and two balls.
Excuse me miss, could you hold my balls while I get my huge racket out of my bag?
You know what else is a nice match? You and me.
I grunt harder than anyone else on the tennis courts.
Is that a ball in your pocket or are you just excited to see me.
Your court or mine?
Play tennis here often?
Girl get rid of those Dunlop balls, you deserve better.
Care to knock a few balls with me?
I will give you Yonex, you can give me Head.
I can hurl it 130 MPH down the middle.
Hey Girl! Can I touch you more than 3 times?
I may play short but I go deep.
Why set and spike when we could just bump uglies?
Are you a volleyball? Because I dig you.
Those spandex really make your butt look better than usual.
Do you want to play volleyball, I have two balls you can play with.
Are you wearing SPF 150? Cause that was one serious block!
Hey girl, You can serve me underhand if you like.
Hey, you wanna pass with me?
Hey baby, If I serve my heart to you, would you get it?
I want to lock you in a room and watch you play beach volleyball.
Wow seeing you dive really turns me on.
Are you a flyer? Because I want to pick you up.
I wish I were your back spot so I could touch your butt.
Hey cutie, I can really teach you how to yell.
I received a 0.5 deduction for falling for you.
Can you teach me the counts? Specifically, the counts to your heart.
Would you like a banana to go with those splits?
I must say that high school was hell, but you were the hottest thing there.
Do you have any tape? Because I'm totally ripped.
This elliptical isn't the only thing getting my heart rate up.
Girl, do you need to get your protein macros up? Because I'd gladly put my meat inside you
I know a fun activity that can burn 500 calories an hour...
I got stopped by a police officer on the way here. He told me it was illegal to carry these guns in public.
How'd you like to be my special push-up partner?
Do you squat here often?
I'm gonna have my 'whey' with you!
Let's do lunge.
Do you want me to spot you while you do those squats?
Do you have a band-aid? Because I'm cut!
My personal trainer told me I had to come talk to you for five minutes as part of my routine.
Do you believe in love at first set? Or should I curl this barbell another 10 times?
We should train together, I've heard it's good for bone density.
And I don't just mean my skeleton.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away! Or maybe it was the hour I spent on this treadmill.
Are you using that adductor machine so you can crush me between your thighs later?
How'd you like to go on a long romantic walk on the treadmill?
The weights in this gym just aren't heavy enough... would you mind sitting on my face while I do some crunches?
I heard that the missionary position helps men to work out the chest and triceps... do you wanna help me verify this?
Wanna sit on my lap while I use the rowing machine?
I wish this gym had a stationary bike built for two.
I hope you took your Flintstone vitamins today, because I'm gonna make your Bedrock!
Are you into fitness? How about fittin' this thingy into your thingy?
Hi, I see that you're new to this gym, and I wanna be the first male to bother you.
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you share with me the training regimen you used to attain it?
I got stopped at the airport last week for trying to bring these guns onto an airplane.
I hope your into yoga, cause your going to get a good stretch tonight.
If you really want to loosen your pectineus, you should skip the squats and let me stretch them out.
You could bounce a quarter off that asana!
You've got great posture. I'd love to see you flow sometime.
Is it hot in this Bikram studio, or is it just you?
There's nothing humble about my warrior.
Are you doing Ananda Balasana, or are you just happy to see me, baby?
That's a nice pair of yoga pants... can I talk you out of them?
I hope you're into yoga, cause you're gonna get a good stretch tonight!
Wow, you're flexible... I'd love to see what you can do outside of class!
I'd let you Chataranga over me any day!
Wanna join me for some downward doggy-style tonight?
Do you like yoga? If you do, then Yoganna LOVE me!
My Cobra pose isn't the only thing that's rising upward.
I can think of an activity that'll make you sweat even more than a 90 minute hot yoga class...
Is that your kickstand, or are you happy to see me?
My bike is in for a service. Can I ride you instead?
Wanna put on your leather and burn some rubber?
My bike is in for a service and I was wondering if you'd service me while it was gone.
Wanna ride my chopper?
Hey girl, I bet you would look fabulous on my bike.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
Hear that? The ocean wants you to join me for a drink.
Can I swim in your eyes on a hot summer day?
How was your last skinny dip? I bet I can make your next one better.
Nice beach balls, can I play?
I don't know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
They called me the human torpedo even before I took up swimming.
I wanna pound you the way the ocean pounds the surf.
I wish I'd brought my towel, can I share yours?
My favorite hand is when yours is holding mine
Can I tap your stack for good luck?
I only have one move in poker and in love - I go all in
I wouldn't mind a bad beating from you.
Nice rockets!
You must be a high roller, because you make my bar raise!
Thank you for helping me make my hand. All I needed was a Queen!
Can you please stop staring at my chip stack?
How good are your lips at blowing on dice?
You get 25 percent of the bill and 100 percent of my heart. Call me?
Can I sweep you off your practical, orthopedic waitress shoes?
My burger was great, but YOU are rare and well-done at the same time.
You brought me lunch, can I bring you dinner?
Is there a non-creepy way to hit on your waiter? If so, please text it to me.
I have a big tip for you but you will have to receive it in private.
I love it when a girl knows her fried foods.
What time do you get off? Well what time do you get out of work?
Is work the only place that you are good at serving?
Gun DAM, you are FINE girl!
Damn, girl, you must be a hollow.
You make my zanpaku-to go bankai.
I was just checking you out from across the room with my Sharingan.
Why don't you come over to my house so we can watch a little Sailor Moon to get in the mood?
Do they make you in hug pillow?
I promise, I can always find a girls G-Force.
You can be my Henrietta and I will be your Guiseppe.
My extensive Master Grade Gunpla collection is just proof of my magic fingers.
Do you have a tampon I can put in my nostril? Because my nose started bleeding when I saw you.
You wanna ride on my 'hog?
Are you impressed with how I handle my sniper? You should see what I can do with the weapon I pack under my armor.
What do you say I take my flag to your base and score?
(eyeing the breast plate) I am a master dual wielder. Mind if I give those a go?
I was following the indicator of where to score and it brought me to you.
I would like to gain access to your base. Shall I enter from the front or the rear?
Are you a care package? Because you must've fallen from heaven.
Are you up for a little tactical insertion?
That's not an m60 in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
I'd catch a grenade for you... it's ok, I've got FlakJacket pro!
How many COD points does it take to unlock you?
You gave me hardened pro in just 6 seconds.
Watch out girl, my predator missile is coming at you from behind!
You just made me shoot a MOAB in my pants.
Girl, you should never pick up a ballistic vest - it would be a shame to cover up your two best attachments.
I use Full Metal Jacket for deeper penetration.
Are you using hacks? Cause as soon as you joined this lobby I got a hardened perk.
You're so hot, you warm my cold-blooded heart.
Do you like my long barrel?
If you were a map pack, I'd download you.
The odds of meeting a girl as amazing as you, are the same as the odds of hitting a no-scope shot from across the map.
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you.
Let me know when you're close, so I can use my blast shield. It was a mess last time.
I would run around the world for you... without lightweight.
How 'bout we meet at Underpass and I'll Tactically insert you.
Even if you were wearing a ghillie suit, you'd still be the most beautiful girl here.
Wanna leave this lobby and go into a private match?
Getting this tactical nuke was the hardest thing I've ever done. I hope getting your phone number won't be as difficult.
What class are you using? Because when I press select, you're at the top of my list.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I rejoin this lobby?
Sitcky going out! Sorry, you're just that hot!
How 'bout coming back to my place and helping me work on my next montage - it won't be a Call of Duty one this time.
If I had the choice, I'd spend my 100 coins on you instead of on an extra life.
If Princess Toadstool looked anything like you, I would have killed Bowser years ago!
I'd rather ride you than Yoshi any day.
Are you a magic feather? Because my heart just grew a tail, and flew away.
I know how Mario must feel, 'cause I really want to clean your pipes.
Are you a magic mushroom? Because you are making me grow.
Are you a magic flower? Because you are burning me up.
You don't have to turn on a game to play with me.
They don't call me Super for nothing.
If you were a warp tube, I'd be in you all day.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press start to join and be my player 2.
Do you have the Mirror Shield? Because I can really see myself in your tunic.
Are you wearing the Pegasus Boots? Because you've been running though my mind all day.
What's a girl like you doing in a Forest Temple like this?
You light my Deku Stick on fire.
I'm not possessed by Majora's Mask, I'm just crazy for you.
I'd better put on my Goron tunic, because you're too damn hot.
I wanna make you wetter than the Zora Temple.
You should come back to my place. My master sword needs to be polished.
You're not 18 yet? No problem, I know the Song of Time.
How 'bout you come back to my place and I show you my Longshot
Hey baby, can I buy you a potion?
Baby, I've been Z-targeting you all night.
I'd better buy a bigger bag, because you are the BOMB!
I must have defeated a boss, because I just found a heart container.
Want to fuse Kinstones? I'd bet they fit perfectly.
Are you a Deku Nut? Because you're stunning me.
I'm gonna be Bigocto this time, and I'm gonna suck you up.
You must be King Dodongo, because I really want to explode inside your mouth.
You are hotter than Din's fire.
Do you have a Diamond Pickaxe? Because I'm as hard as Obsidian.
You must be made of bonemeal, cause you make me grow 10 feet tall.
I'd like to fertilize your crops with my bonemeal.
Are you a slimeball? Cause you make my piston sticky If you were ore, I'd mine you all night long!
You must be ice, because I've been waiting to pick you up for a long time.
You must be a redstone torch, because you're extending my piston!
Are you a lever? Because you turn me on.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
Are you a torch? Because you light up my world.
You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.
Are you a pig? Because I wanna ride you.
Is that a creeper in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I must be gravel, because I'm falling for you.
I'd jump off a floating bus for you.
Wanna feel my shifty shaft?
Have you ever been sprayed by a mini gun?
Want me to Grease up your Grove tonight?
If you were a chest, I would loot you.
I promise I ain't no double-pump chump
I just survived TItled Towers, so I'm totally looted up right now
I want my shifty shaft to visit your moisty mire
Did you come from the lodge? Because I wouldn't make you lonely.
You turned my pants into a Moisty Mire.
Is your name Janna? Because you blow me away.
Is your name Rammus? Because you rolled right into my life.
Will you carry me?
Are you a minion because I can cs together.
Hey babe, wanna return to my base and look at my Needlessly Large Rod?
Do you have heat vision, too? Because you can melt my heart with just a look.
You must be made of Kryptonite because being around you makes my knees weak.
I can fly anywhere in the solar system, but only you can take me to heavan.
Hey, baby, wanna come back to my fortress of solitude?
I can see anything within miles of here, but there's nothing I'd rather look at than you.
You know, I once lifted a whole rocket into orbit. Wanna find out how high I can take you?
Excuse me, I'm from another planet. Can you teach me about human anatomy?
You know, I can hold my breath for 20 minutes...
You know, if I hold someone really close, they become invulnerable.
Wanna help me find out if I can transfer any other powers?
They call me the Man of Steel. Well, at least, parts of me are anyways.
They say I can do just about anything, but I wish I had the power to look that good!
My aura can make anything invulnerable as long as I keep it really close.
As the last survivor of Krypton, I have a duty to make sure my race doesn't end with me.
Let's go back to your place and I'll show you where I keep my wallet.
Wanna go see the wonders of the world?
As it happens, the suit does come off.
Wanna see the real reason they call me the Man of Steel?
Ever wanted to see Metropolis from the air?
Did I hit you with my heat vision? Because you are on fire.
I could be anywhere on the planet 30 seconds from now... wanna come along for the ride?
I've flown right up to the surface of the sun, but that doesn't compare to what I felt when I first looked at you.
It's a good thing I've got freeze breath, because you look dangerously hot.
They don't call me incredible for nothing! (The Hulk)
I was frozen in ice for decades... Wanna help me warm up? (Captain America)
My spidey sense isn't the only thing tingling. (Spiderman)
I love you from the bottom of my arc reactor. (Iron Man)
Have you ever seen the Avengers? Well I'd like to introduce you to Thor's hammer. (Thor)
You really caught my eye. (Nick Fury)
Are you metal shrapnel? Because I feel you in my heart! (Iron Man)
My shield can block anything, but it couldn't stop you from finding a way to my heart. (Captain America)
I'm like cupid, baby, I'll shoot you with my arrow of love. (Hawkeye)
Did you use my scepter? Because you're taking over my heart (Loki)
You've smashed your way into my heart (The Hulk)
Did it hurt? When you fell out of Asgard? Cause you're a goddess! (Thor)
Forget about World Domination, I only want to Dominate you . (Loki)
You're the only person I don't see better from a distance (Hawkeye)
Are you made of fluorine? Because you make me react to everything! (The Hulk)
I'm the best swinger in town! (Thor)
You're so hot, you're breaking my circuits! (Iron Man)
On a scale of one to America, how free are you this weekend. (Captain America)
It's not the size of the bow that counts, it's the number of arrows, if you know what I mean (Hawkeye)
Girl, you deserve a throne. In the shape of my face. (Thor)
I'm Tony Stark. And I've saved my best weapon for you. (Iron Man)
I may be a god, but you're a full-on goddess. (Thor)
When I saw you I knew that god had truly blessed America (Captain America)
For Valentine's Day, I'll give you my arc! (Iron Man)
You're the bulls-eye, and my arrow never misses. (Hawkeye)
If you'll be my Pepper Potts, I'll be your Tony Stark (Iron Man)
Did you know lightning is 5000 times hotter than the sun? (Thor)
You light up my world like nobody else (Iron Man)
You're the stars on my spangled banner (Captain America)
I don't need to summon thunder to light you up! (Thor)
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go, I can take you places you ain't never been before.
I don't want nobody when I got your body.
In my head, we're already together.
It's like an angel came by and took me to heaven, 'cause when I stare in your eyes it couldn't be better.
I'd wait on you forever and a day, hand and foot, your world is my world.
Don't be so cold, we could be fire.
Everything about you girl is so contagious.
You're beautiful, you know it, I think it's time you show it.
I don't know your name, but I love your smile.
Don't need these other pretty faces like I need you, and when you're mine, in the world there's gonna be one less lonely girl.
I could be your Buzz Lightyear, fly across the globe.
If I could just die in your arms, I wouldn't mind.
For you, I would walk a thousand miles.
Say baby, I had to mention, if you were a star, you'd be the only one I'm searching for.
I've got my eyes on you, you're everything that I see, I want your hot love and emotion endlessly.
Whoever I be with, they got nothing on you.
You could have my heart or we could share it like the last slice.
I miss the feeling of you missing me
Get all your affairs in order, I won't have affairs, I'm yours, girl.
That p---y knows me better than I know myself.
I don't know how to talk to you, I just know I found myself getting lost with you.
You a real ass woman and I like it.
I'm way too good to you, you take my love for granted.
It's about us right now, girl, where you going?
I know you're seein' someone that loves you and I don't want you to see no one else.
We could stare up at the stars and put The Beatles on.
I've got a stimulus package waiting for you in my pants.
The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising.
I'd love to have a discussion with you about Bush, Dick, and Colin.
If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln.
I'd like to get your opinion on my poll.
Baby, you have more curves than the Democrat Party line.
They call me Mao Ze DONG.
I've got a five year plan and it includes you... well, it doesn't have to be five years - one night works for me!
I motion to elongate the caucus.
You wanna play Pearl Harbor? It's a game where I lay back and you blow the hell out of me.
I think you should remove all barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down.
Let's make like Carnegie and horizontally integrate.
The Gettysburg Address was short, but I know something that isn't.
You may not be my First Lady, but I'll make you feel like Jackie OH!
How would you like to take a ride on Air Force One?
Baby you must be German, 'cause you sure started the battle of my bulge.
I'm like the Vietnam War - way longer than you thought I'd be.
I wanna do to your body what Mitt Romney does to poor people.
Illegal immigrants are stealing our jobs, but you stole my heart!
If you were Mexican, I'd oppose the wall.
You can be pro-choice as long as one of those choices is going on a date with me.
Has anyone ever told you that you look like my daughter? It's a compliment, trust me.
Heidi Klum might no longer be a 10, but you sure are!
Go ahead, ruffle my hair.
Want a Tic-Tac?
You know what they say about big hands.
Is your ass ISIS? Because I'm gonna destroy it
How would you like to climb aboard the Combover Express?
Nice dress, can I deport you from it?
How would you like to be the subject of my latest tweet?
Wanna see my Zogby poll?
Have you ever dreamed of a small loan of a million dollars?
If you were my girl, I'd let you delete all the emails you wanted.
I'll treat your panties like Jeb Bush and make them drop very fast
If you aren't Mexico, why is there such a wall between us?
I'd go south of your border even if it meant having to fight murderers AND rapists.
I wanna Putin your boob in my mouth.
Bring your crooked Hillary over here, I'll straighten it right out.
You're too beautiful to be real, just like global warming.
Do you want to be part of my new real estate acquisition project in your vagina?
Rosie O'Donnell must have just walked into the room because I want to get disgusting with you.
Let's make a sex tape together. I promise I won't tell anyone, unless you cross me.
I promise I won't fire you until you come at least three times.
Is that an illegal alien in your pants or are you just worried I'll deport you?
It would take me much more than 140 characters to fully express how beautiful you are.
If you were a tweet, I'd favorite you, but I wouldn't retweet you. I don't want to share you with anyone else.
If you were a tweet, you'd be my only favorite.
Babe in my mind, you're always trending.
I usually don't follow someone on the first night, but for you I'll make an exception.
Every breath you take... every tweet you make... I'll be following you.
A tweet from you is like a song from heaven!
If you go out with me, I promise I'll #FF FollowFriday you every day of the week!
I never need to see the sun again, because your tweets light up my world!
Twitter needs a fire department, because you're smokin'!
Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your tweets!
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl on Twitter?
You must be in a wrong place... the Miss Twitterverse contest is over there.
Do you believe in love at first tweet? Or should I tweet you again?
You've got me feeling twitterpated!
Girl you're so fine, I bet you have more followers than Kim Kardashian.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your tweets come true!
I could read your random thoughts all night long.
Hey, I just followed you... and this is crazy... but follow me back... so I can DM you baby!
I heard you were taking apps for a new tweetheart... I'm here to apply!
Do you smoke pot? Because weed look cute together!
Hey baby, let's make like a blunt and roll.
I have a huge kush on you.
Want to get cough-ee with me?
Are you a drug? Cause I marijuana take you home tonight.
hey girl would you ever consider a 3-way? You, me and Mary Jane.
Is that a 9 inch joint in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
You wanna come over to my place and suck my bong?
Wanna help me smoke this joint?
I want to T-H-See you naked!
I am so hammered I want to nail you to the wall.
Are you a chonger? Because you took my breath away.
My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I'm falling for you.
My adductor isn't the only thing that's longus.
I wish I was your coronary artery, so that I could be wrapped around your heart.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition.
Trust me, this is how they did Mammograms back in the old days.
Is your name Flecainide? Because I think you just made my heart skip a beat.
Are you a pulmonary embolism? 'Cause I can't breathe when I'm around you.
When you walked in the door your beauty hit me so hard that I have a priapism from all the trauma.
How about we ditch this joint and go study some anatomy? Baby, you make me vasodilate!
No that's not an epi-pen in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
Hey baby, wanna play with my corpus cavernosum?
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
That pulsation in my femoral sheath isn't coming from an artery.
I am an organ donor, need anything?
Come into my office and take off your pants.
Looks like you've got a hole that needs filling.
I'm a dentist, why don't you lie back and let me fill your cavities.
Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
I wish you were my teeth, so I could grind you in my sleep.
Is your father a dentist? Because you have a beautiful smile.
It's time to probe your gaps.
You must be a dentist, because I can't smile without you.
You're so sweet that I'm getting a toothache just looking at you.
Use dental floss? How about me hiring you as my personal coach sometime over lunch?
Stick your tongue out farther for me.
My next appointment is 6 months from now? Any chance of seeing you sooner, maybe over coffee?
Suck on this for just a second.
Your teeth are pretty. You look like you floss regularly.
Wanna get drilled?
Why don't you take a look at my briefs?
I believe that it's in our best interest to comply with section 69 of the act.
I'd have to plead insanity if I ever left you.
If loving you is a crime, then I'm looking at a life sentence.
Excuse me, are you into reverse bifurcation?
When I think of you, I become fully vested.
I've got a precedent that's long and deep.
Is your estate subject to open?
I don't know if I have standing, but I'd love to court you.
I'll teach you about jurisdiction if we change the venue to my place.
I think I'd be liable for negligence if I neglected to come over and talk to you.
How about coming back to my place for a little actus reus?
There is no burden of proof for how fine you are.
I love you beyond a reasonable doubt.
Let me show you my mens rea.
When I bring an ejectment action, there'll be nothing quiet about your enjoyment.
'Res ipsa loquitur', honey. Your hot body speaks for itself!
Your body is 'ultra vires', it's beyond my power to control myself around you.
Baby, the way you support free markets stimulates growth in my private sector!
Baby, you're not an option... you're totally a future!
I hope you're a bear, cause I'm going to go down on you.
You must be fiscally irresponsible because I'm feeling inflationary pressure in my pants.
Girl, are you a stock? Because you sure like bouncing a lot!
I want to restructure you.
You're a hot commodity.
You look like a successful business woman, because you really know how to position yourself for me.
I hope interest rates are low, because I want to invest my time in you.
Are your legs available for some open market operations?
Lets play a game where going out with me is the dominant strategy
How can I lower your barriers to entry?
Your presence is one big positive externality
Are you the fed, because I want you to manage my inflation.
I think you and me would have great potential output
Now those are some tangible assets!
You make my demand curve go inelastic
Your price definitely equals my marginal benefit
You have some fine new resources, because you made my PP curve expand.
Want to go prove the law of diminishing utility is incorrect?
I wish I could be your derivative so that I could lie tangent to your curves
You might not know it, but you have a lien on my heart.
Are you a property inspector? Because I noticed that you were checking me out.
My heart has full occupancy with you in my life.
You know realtors are very strong. We can flip houses.
What a beautiful staging. I want to bang you on every piece of furniture.
You should just provide a full disclosure up front, because you are flawless.
Baby, I'm not asking you for an easement, just a mere right of recreation and amusement.
Come into my office and let's take a look at my listings.
Kissing is like real estate. The most important thing is location, location, location.
For you, I'm willing to break all the Code of Ethics.
I would like to pay with cash upfront and take our relationship further and faster.
Home is not a place, it's a feeling. I can give you both.
The housing market goes up and down. My love for you rises forever.
I love you more than I love referrals.
I've already kicked Sallie Mae out. Want to take her place?
Let's make it official and close the escrow.
There is an open house tomorrow. I can give you a private tour tonight.
Your eyes are as intriguing as a good biz dev strategy.
I would like to put your consulting expertise to good use.
I would be happy to be your human resource.
Your customer interface is impressive.
The first time I saw you, there was only word that came to mind - benchmark.
You say accelerated growth, I just say hot!
How about we slip out of these suits and into something a little more casual Friday?
I am feeling this burn rate in many places.
If you were Microsoft Office, I would totally Access you.
If we went on a date, what do you think our profit and loss would be?
Who needs a financial analysis when I know exactly where to put my money.
Are you involved in Business? Because you really know how to position yourself for me.
I know the air is pretty thin up there, why don't you lay in my bed and catch your breath?
I want to climb you like a jungle gym.
How much does it cost to ride to the top?
I'm tall because... I'm standing on my wallet.
Will you have my NBA babies?
The best part about being this tall is that it is easy to see cute girls like you in a crowd.
You would totally be worth the climb!
I bet that back is real toned from keeping the rest of you upright.
Do you play basketball?
I'm six-foot-six and EVERYTHING is in proportion.
I'm six-foot-five, but I'd like to be six feet under you
You are tall enough to ride this ride!
Can you do me a favor and grab me that book off the shelf for me... and then hand me your phone number?
You know, it's been a while since I climbed a tree.
(One tall person to another) Finally, someone I can see eye-to-eye on everything with!
Is this a dagger I see before me? Nay! Im merely happy to cast eyes upon thy beauty!
My heart, it pines, as my trousers tent.
I noticed you hitting it off with that fair youth. Care to make it a three-way?
I will repay your love with usury
If I whispered in thine ear that thou hadst a body of beauty unknown but to the heavens, wouldst thou hold it against me?
Hey Baby, can Ophelia up?
Let me seal my vowed faith on your lips.
I have no faculty which is not yours.
The fault is not in our stars but in your eyes. I mean, the stars are in your eyes... or something.
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?
You. Me. Dance floor. Now. Don't give me no ado about nothing.
Your title far exceeds my worth
Your words are Delphian oracles
Your words have charmed my soul
If I said you were the most beautified, would you say that beautified was a vile phrase?
You look like an angel. Or at least a minister of grace.
You guild my praises far above my deserts
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
My arteries aren't the only things that have hardened.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security.
How would you like to help me feel like a kid again.
Baby is your name Cholesterol, because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
How'd you like to be in my will?
I'm retired, so you know I have the time to please you.
Your company is so delightful, I'm contemplating putting a new battery in my hearing aid.
Girl I'd fake being a blind old man, just to touch you inappropriately.
You must be a garden, cause I'm digging you.
I might be a retired photographer, but I can still picture us together.
You. Me. Dance floor. Now. Don't give me no ado about nothing.
How about I take you home and show you my medicine cabinet!
Are you a cat lady? Cause I'm the cat whisperer cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
Is your name Viagra, cause I don't think they will be able to close my casket after a night with you.
Sorry, but I couldn't help but noticing how cute you look in that ankle-length, shapeless, plaid jumper.
I would sink my teeth into that booty, but they might just stay there.
Ever done it in a Craftmatic adjustable bed?
Are you happy to see me, or is that just a defense mechanism?
When you fell from heaven, did it leave you with any lasting emotional scars?
You put me in an altered state of consciousness.
Baby you light up my world like my primary visual cortex.
Baby I love everything about you not just the fragmented parts of your personality or your cognitive functioning.
Hey girl can I get your number in my Long Term memory?
Let me show you a relaxation technique not used for systematic desensitization.
Damn Baby, you activate my HPA axis.
Baby, all I see in my Rorschach Tests is me and you!
You make my dopamine levels go all silly.
Can I buy you a shrink?
Care to teach me more about interpersonal relationships?
Dayum girl you give me some physiological arousal
All three levels of my psyche agree, we need to start dating.
That's a fabulous black corset and it goes great with those boots, but they would both look better on my bedroom floor.
I'm a necrophiliac... How well do you play dead?
Is that blood, or wine that your having?
If you were a drug, I would overdose!
I'm a vampire, and I'd like to make my feelings for you immortal
Would you please come home with me and tie me up...
So, are you a satanist?
I'm a vampire, but only on alternate Wednesdays.
You remind me of my dead ex-girlfriend.
You've stolen my heart away. Luckily, I've got another three or four in the freezer.
I'd like to tie you to a rafter and bang you up and down.
Hi, I wanted to get your name before one of us dies.
What's your favorite Baudelaire poem?
Wow. That outfit must make a lot of noise in the dryer
That's a nice neck - mind if I bite it?
I may not be able to love, but I do it, like a sex machine baby.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
It that a joystick you're holding or are you just happy to see me?
Are those real or were you upgraded in silicone valley?
I'm going to void your warranty!
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
You must be tired because you've been running your code through my cpu all night
Nice Bolts wanna screw?
Was your father a thief? Because he stole some titanium bolts and put them in your eyes.
Is that a mirror in your anodized Titanium exterior plating? Because I can see myself in your service port.
Your lips say 0 but your eyes say 1.
When you flash your software, my floppy becomes a hard drive.
Want to grab some Java?
Do you believe in love at first optical recognition, or should I ambulate by your location again?
Lets play Tiger Beat Magazine, I'll be a poster of Justin Bieber and you can slam me against the wall and make out with me
Is your dad Liam Neeson? Because I'm Taken with you
I'm no Tiger Woods, but I am a Tiger, and I have Wood
Do you like Basketball? Because I would like to show you my Magic Johnson
Ever heard of Metallica? Because you could ride my lightning.
I'm like David Copperfield, I can make your cloths disappear in a snap.
You make Kylie Jenner look like a Teletubbie.
Girl, you remind me of Jason Derulo, because everytime we meet, I want to sing your name!
Are your legs dancing to Taylor Swift, because it looks like they are never ever getting back together
Let's play Celebrity Dogs, I'll be Justin Bieber's Papillon, you can be Selena Gomez's Husky Mix, and I'll bury my bone in your backyard!
Is your name Ariana? Cause that ass is grande.
Hey babe we go together like Beyonce and #1 records!
Wanna take a shower with me to conserve water?
I don't drive a car, but I'd love to walk you home!
Are you a tree hugger? Cause you're about to get some wood.
I bet your Dad is an Environmentalist, because you are so eco-friendly
You blow my mind like Geothermal Heating Technology!
Your eyes are as bright as energy saving halogen light bulbs, would you light up my life?
What time do you get off work? Let's carpool it back to my place.
You must be a garden, cause I'm digging you.
I'm against animal cruelty, so don't hurt my monkey, please stroke it gently.
If I wrote you a protest song, would you sing it with me?
Like the bamboo sheets on your bed I want to cover you with sustainable love!
Are all your appliances energy efficient? Because when I saw you the room became more environmentally friendly!
Since cars pollute, can I pick you up on my electric scooter?
Girl, you're so fine you could make an impression on Monet.
Are you a medium? Because I'd like to paint you on carpet.
Are you an antiques collector? Because I have some junk that hasn't been touched in years.
Have you ever posed nude?
Call the Art Loss Register, because you just stole my heart.
If I told you I like your body of work, would you hold it against me?
Is your dad an art thief? Because you are a masterpiece.
Vincent Van Gogh out with me
You must be an artist, because I find myself drawn to you.
If I were an art critic, I'd give you a ravishing review.
My gold medal might be shiny, but it looks like a dull penny compared to that sparkle in your eyes.
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Hey girl, I'd swim up to 800 meters for your love.
Do you like water polo? Because you look like you like to get down and dirty in the water
Are you a skiing event, cause I would travel cross-country for you!
Don't worry ladies. I only come first once every 4 years.
Man, you have to be a swimmer, because you blow everyone else out of the water with your beauty!
You're better than the Summer Olympics, you were worth waiting a whole lifetime for.
Half pipe? Let me show you a full pipe, girl.
If we raced, I would let you win, so I could get a good view from the back
I'm going for the silver, because I'll make sure you come first.
I've got the biggest torch in Rio and I'm looking for someone to blow it out
What do you say we get out of here and do some rhythmic gymnastics?
You must do hurdles, because it only took you seconds to jump into my heart.
I'll take good care of your baton.
It doesn't matter how you do in your competition, you'll finish first after a night with me.
I'm an Olympian, because I always go for gold in the bedroom!
Curling? More like curling up next to you in bed, am I right?
I won this gold medal, but I'd really like to win your heart.
Your legs must be tired because you've been speed skating through my mind all night.
Your Smile Shines Brighter Than a Gold Medal
The slopes aren't the only thing I'm going down on tonight
People tell me I have a good breaststroke, but I'd say I'm a pretty good swimmer too.
I never have a false start.
Hey girl, you make my heart flutter kick.
If being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of my bed.
Stop! Don't you know it is illegal to look that fine?
Do you know how fast you were going when you fell from heaven?
I have a great idea for those handcuffs.
Bullproof vest? Nah, it's all muscle.
Ever seen a baton this big?
I'm ready to enforce the law of attraction.
Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let's go to my place for some under-cover work.
My cuffs or your cuffs tonight?
Nice uniform, it would look great at the foot of my bed.
I hear cops like a big bust.
Want to plant something on me?
Want to play good cop bad cop?
You have the right to remain silent, but I doubt you will.
What else do you do with that night stick?
I always turn on my siren when I spot a siren.
Did I tell you that I live next door to Dunkin Donuts?
Step out of the vehicle. Walk a straight line into my life.
I'm not here to bust you... I'm here for your bust.
Damn, I'm now gonna have to rewrite my Zombie Plan to include you.
Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven? Or when you landed on that sharp stick? You should probably take that out, you know.
Hey girl, I'd love to eat your brains out
Do you have a little zombie in you? Would you like some?
Am I Daryl Dixon? Because I have an arrow and I'd like to penetrate you.
Hurry! Walkers are almost here, say you'll go out with me!
Are you a Walker? Because you just walked away with my heart.
Are you into necrophilia?
I Chews Chews Chews You!
Hey, wanna Rigor my Mortis?
Are you Michonne's cat? Because you are just too damn gorgeous!
Are you tired? Because you've been dragging your feet around my mind all day
Your beauty is eating away at my heart.
How many walkers will it take for me to kill until you have sex with me?
Hey. You look kinda cute with those twisted legs, torn off jaw and eye dangling on your cheek
Are those maggots in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
It is the end of the world. Let's make love until we feel alive again.
I have no idea where Carl is, but I'm 100% sure that I want you.
Charles Dickens might have given you Great Expectations, but I can meet them.
Are you Five People? 'Cause I just met you, and I'm in Heaven.
I wanna do Wild Things wherever you Are.
I Sense you have a lot of Sensibility. Was that too Austen-tatious of me to point out?
I'd like to end your Age of Innocence.
Are you an overdue book? Because you have fine written all over you!
I know For Whom the Bell Tolls, so why don't you call me sometime?
I spend Tuesdays with Morrie, but I want to spend every other day with you.
I'm no Jane, but I'd Eyre on the side of saying I think you're beautiful.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I'd have a Secret Garden.
Is it 451 degrees Fahrenheit in here, or is it just you?
Is your name Harriet? Cause I caught you spyin' on me.
Is your name Scarlett? Because when I saw you my heart was gone with the wind.
The Sun isn't the only thing around here that Also Rises.
Wanna go find us A Room of One's Own?
If it was 1984, and I was Big Brother, I'd only watch you.
I'd Revisit your Brideshead anytime.
I'd Fight to go to a Club with you.
Hey girl, don't be The Stranger.
I'd like to Catch 22 of you.
My friends call me Robert, but you can call me The Beowulf.
My Heart was a Lonely Hunter 'til I met you, girl.
I like books, you like books, why don't we start writing the story of us?
Babe, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call fine print.
Would you like to peek at my hardcover?
I have a library card, do you mind if I check you out?
I want to take your body to Wuthering Heights.
I'd love to buy you a drink from the open bar.
I know you're in the middle of the father-daughter dance, but I'm going to go ahead and cut in.
I like your last name. Can I have it?
We might as well get to know one another. We'll probably be seeing each other at baby showers and anniversary parties.
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
I want the kind of marriage that makes my kids want to get married.
I'm not the wedding photographer, but I can picture us together.
You sure did a nice job of catching that bouquet. Let's go back to my hotel room and test your other reflexes.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
The moment I saw you, I knew we'd fall desperately in love, get married, have kids...
You can make me the third happiest person here, after the bride and groom.
That tux looks really good on you. It would also look really good on my floor. Or nicely folded and hung in my closet, if you're a neat freak.
I won't give my heart to anyone, but if you're brave enough you can try to steal it.
To be honest, I kind of wanted to nail that other bridesmaid, but you seem to have much lower standards.
Can I be that somebody? Every love story is beautiful, but ours will be my favorite.
Are you a customs agent? Because I'd like to declare my love for you.
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
Did you overstay your visa? Because you got 'fine' written all over you.
I hate red-eye flights, but I would fly all night for you.
I don't know what gate I'm boarding at, but I hope it's close to yours.
I don't need the captain to remind me about the upright position.
I'm afraid you can't pass this point, 'cause you da bomb, Baby.
I know a great recovery for jet lag.
Want to play TSA officer and pat me down?
Airplane food is always so terrible, so I always pack my own food. Want one of these chocolate covered strawberries?
I'd love to be your final destination.
I love a good South of the border crossing.
A 9 hour time difference wouldn't keep me from you.
Good thing that's not a wood detector, 'cause you'd keep me here all night.
Are you ready to board?
Can I claim your baggage?
I can last longer than a jet engine.
You're so cute, I don't need to see your boarding pass.
Has anyone unknown to you handled those funbags?
I would give anything to be your personal item.
Let's cross the international dateline together.
Do you believe in adventitious love or do I have to walk by again?
You have the propensity for taking my breath away.
Why don't we go upstairs so I can acculturate myself with your body.
Stop being querulous and just sleep with me.
It's inscrutable that God was able to let you out of heaven baby.
I can infer that you are smart enough to go out with me.
I gotta say that the amorphous dress does nothing to show off your fabulous figure.
My love for you is irrevocable.
That gossamer shirt you're wearing makes it really easy to see what color bra you're wearing.
If you were erudite you'd let me buy you a drink.
Seeing your beautiful face makes my smile agrandize.
Is that a cell phone in your pocket or are you just affable?
Girl, it's axiomatic that you're absolutely gorgeous!
Watching you walk into the room has put me in a state of ferment.
I know you're noncommittal about comming home with me, so maybe I'll just get you drunk so we can turn that into a yes!
I commiserate with all the other girls in the room because they have to compete with someone as beautiful as you!
Do these flowers expiate the fact that I've been stalking you?
I can infer from the way you're looking at me that you'll be coming back to my place tonight!
Everytime I hear your voice it reverberates within my soul.
Girl don't repudiate me, I'm a nice guy.
You should be warned, I have the propensity for getting girls to come home with me!
I'm going to blazon my love for you all over town.
Being that beautiful just isn't equitable!
Those pectoral muscles are so hot they should be contraband.
It doesn't take an erudite scholar to know dat you are hot!
For a third-world country, you're pretty well-developed.
I Motion to invade Djibouti with the aid of Greece.
Belize let me hold you.
I'm Hungary for Djibouti.
Motion for a one-on-one unmoderated caucus.
I Ecuador you.
I want to visit your Netherlands.
You can lift my sanctions any day!
If I were a gavel, I would bang you all night.
I can Cam your Bodia.
I motion to table the Chair.
You're my point of personal inquiry.
I'm your point of personal privilege.
Can I put missiles in your country?
Is that a placard in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Can I moderate your caucus?
Are you a topic? Because I'd love to table you.
How long is your conference?
I hope that gavel's not the only thing you're banging.
It's not about how big your placard is, it's about how long you can keep it up.
If you're as long as the speaker's list, meet me in the bathroom.
I'll czech your republic.
It's not about how big your gavel is, it's about how hard you bang it.
My lips are weapons of mass destruction. Would you care to dismantle them?
I'd like to motion you to the floor.
I motion to have a ten-minute unmoderated caucus... in your pants.
Hey, wanna merge?
It's not the length of the caucus that counts... it's what you do with it.
I motion to enlongate the caucus.
Is there a science class nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between me and you?
Is that a number 2 pencil in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
I hear you're good at Algebra. Can you replace my X without asking Y?
Are you an SAT exam? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for three hours.
You must be a perfect test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
Do you like Chemistry? Because I've got my ion you!
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
Can I have your significant digits?
My love for you is like pi... never ending.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
Are you a 90 degree angle? 'Cause you are looking right!
Your lab bench, or mine?
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my problems!
You must be the square root of two because i feel irrational around you.
Will you be my student loans? Because I'd like to have you around for the rest of my life.
If you were a pencil, I wouldn't be able to use you to take the SATs, because you're no number 2, you're my number 1!
I heard you were banned from school lunches for being so sweet.
That school uniform would look even better on my bedroom floor.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
Are you the new school janitor? Because you just swept me off my feet.
What's a pretty girl like you doing in a lunchroom like this?
Now I know why Solomon had 700 wives... Because he never met you.
For you I would slay two Goliaths.
You float my ark.
Is it hot in here or is that just the Holy Spirit burning inside of you?
So last night I was reading in the book of Numbers, and I realized... I don't have yours!
I didnt believe in predestination until tonight.
The word says 'Give drink to those who are thirsty, and feed the hungry'... how about dinner?
I know its absurd, but every time I walk towards you, it feels like I'm being lead to Bethlehem.
My spiritual gift is my good looks... it lifts peoples spirits
You are so unblemished that I would sacrifice you.
I would part the red sea for you.
You are perfect, except with all the sin.
I went on a beach mission but all I ended up doing was mission you.
Is this the transfiguration? Because you are glowing.
I used to believe in natural theology, but since I met you I've converted to divine revelation.
Bathsheba had nothing on you.
Mark Driscoll takes up 35% of my ipod memory.
Bible-Gateway happens to be my homepage.
Your hair is like a flock of goats descending from Gilead.
How many times do I have to walk around you to make you fall for me?
How would you like to join my Purpose Driven Life?
If you say no, I will rip out my hair and my beard.
Unfortunately I cant perform miracles and I've only got enough bread and fish for 2 people.
It's obvious to me that you sprouted from the good kinda soil.
I believe one of my ribs belongs to you.
I just don't feel called to celibacy.
I'm a proverbs 32 kind of guy and you're a proverbs 31 kinda woman...
If we were around with Noah... then you, me... pair.
Let me sell you an indulgence because it's a sin to look as good as you do.
I'm pretty much considered an elder in the congregation these days.
I didn't know angels flew this low.
I'm no Joseph... perhaps you can help me interpreting the dreams I've been having about you?
Is it a sin that you stole my heart?
Is your name Faith? Cause you're the substance of things I've hoped for.
Want to practice speaking in tongues with me?
Here's my number... Call me if you need prayer.
I'm usually not very prophetic, but I can see us together.
I would leave 99 sheep to come and find you... and then I would carry you home joyfully on my shoulder
Look, you're nearly 22. Most christians are 3 years into marriage by now... just settle for me.
You make me want to be a better Christian.
You make the Queen of Sheba look like a hobo.
Do you need prayer? because I am certainly willing to lay hands on you.
You had me at Shalom.
I finally understand the true meaning of the Sabbath. It's to give a girl like you a rest from running through my mind the rest of the week.
Can I put out your burning bush?
Do you want something to attone for on yom kippur?
Is your Succah kosher? Cause the only stars I can see are in your eyes.
I would love to wonder in your wilderness for 40 years.
Once you go Jew, nothing else will do.
Do you want to shake my luluv?
If I raise my staff will it only part the sea?
God told us to go forth and multiply and I feel something going forth and multiplying as we speak.
I may not be elisha but will you open the door anyway.
You must not be kosher for passover because you're makeing my matza rise.
Lets do it adam and eve style, behind some bushes.
Do you want to try my hebrew national hotdog?
Do you wanna spin my dreidel?
Can I come into your massada?
Which commandment do you want to break?
Want to party in my sukkah?
Are you Jewish? Cause the way you're looking at me, I'm beginning to think Jewish I would kiss you.
Why is this night different than all other nights? I'll show you why...
Do you want to try for 9 crazy nights?
My apples are just dying for your honey!
Don't worry I won't passover you.
I'll take you to the promised land.
Can I go into you garden of Eden?
Can I light your manorah?
Are you the massiah, because I've been waiting for you.
God just told me there was going to be a flood and I've decided to save you.
Are you the milk or the honey I was promised?
That's a nice-looking yarmulke you're wearing, but it would look even better lying next to my bed tomorrow morning.
Got any Jewish in you? Want some?
All I want for Channukah is you.
Let me see your shirt tag, that's right, made in Eden.
The gates of repentance are always open...just like my heart for you.
I don't care what the Torah says, I'm not leaving any of your four corners unplowed.
After getting lost for 40 years I've think I've finally found what I was looking for
Girl, I wish you were a torah, so I could undress you and run my yad all up and down your columns...
Funny, I don't remember climbing Jacob's ladder, so how did I end up in heaven?
How bout I play moses and u play with my staff.
Unlike the torah, I'm gonna put my hands all over you.
If your left leg is Rosh Hashanah and your right leg is Yom Kippur, can I visit you during the days of Awe?
Did it hurt when you wrestled with Jacob (because you're an angel)!
This saltwater reminds me of the tears that came to my eyes when I first saw you
Can I dip my maror in your charoset.
How about you and I make the dead sea come alive.
Even though it's breaking a commandment, I'm worshipping you right now.
When you come to my house, the Mezuzah isn't the only thing you will be touching!
Are u bat mitzvahed, cuz I need a woman?
I hope you're not married, because I'd hate to be breaking the Tenth Commandment right here in shul.
Just like the Ner Tamid, my love for you burns eternal.
A woman like you makes me wish our mechitza were see-through.
In this shul, women are not called up to the torah. May I call you up at home?
I need to break my fast. Can I have a date?
Our parents engaged us when we were little... they must have forgotten to tell you.
I'd like to be more than just your brother in Islam.
What school of thought do you follow, because I thought about you all through school.
To watch you pray is a sin of its own.
Do you believe in the hereafter? Oh, you do? Then you know what I'm hereafter.
I've had to fast every day since the first time I saw you.
Wow, you're beautiful! I see praying five times a day has paid off.
You remind me of the Ka'aba - I could walk around you all day long.
So, read any good Surahs lately?
That hijab really compliments your eyes.
That's a nice burka. Can I talk you out of it?
I know Halal meat does a body good, but wow, how much you been eatin'?
I must have died a shaheed and gone to heaven because you are my 72 virgins all in one.
I love the way your Abaya flows when you walk.
Your feet made me lower my gaze.
After seeing you, the first thing I said was Mash'Allah. The next was Inshallah!
Would you like to share my prayer-mat?
It must be Laylatul Qadr, because that's the night that angels come down from Heaven.
You can be the queeen of my Hurs anyday.
Are your feet tired? Because you've been performing Tawaaf in my mind all day long.
Do you wanna date? I bought a box full when I went to Madinah.
Muslims are supposed to have many children, and I am willing to do my part...
Allah created everyone in pairs, so what are you doing, single?
Let's do some things you'll need to tell your priest about tomorrow.
Are you religious? Good, cause I'm here to answer your prayers.
You want to come over and watch the 10 commandments tonight?
Nice bible! I would like to pray with you.
What are your plans for tonight? Feel like a bible study?
My friend told me to come and meet you, he said that you are a really nice person. I think you know him. Jesus, yeah, that's his name.
What's a nice girl like you doing at a First Saturday Rosary Cenacle like this?
You know they say that you have never really dated, until you have dated a catholic.
Do you believe in Divine appointment?
Do you have a name, or do angels just have pretty faces?
Is it a sin that you stole my heart?
Confess here often?
Would you like to be the Radha to my Krishna?
I know you must be a Goddess, because I can swear you've been living in my heart.
We are the reincarnated souls of two past lovers. It's our destiny to be together, you just don't remember our past life together.
Is your name Virtue? Because you garnish my thoughts unceasingly.
I think I recognize your name from my patriarchal blessing.
Are you a gadiaton robber? Because you just stole my heart.
Even with the Liahona I get lost in your eyes
If you were the iron rod, I would hold on to you for all eternity.
I can be your scripture hero.
Are you feeling cold, because I could be your Holy Ghost.
You know why solomon had so many wives? Because he never found you.
Have I met you before? Maybe it was in a previous lifetime.
Buddha said every relationship in your life is a reflection of you. I can see myself in your beautiful eyes.
I'd like to be reincarnated as one of your tears, because I'd be born in your eyes, live on your face, and die on your lips.
It goes against my belief to be judgemental, but your beauty outshines everyone in the room.
Looking for Nirvana? I can definitely take you there!
Relax and awaken to your own divine being!
Would you like to come over and meditate with me?
I'm into Tantra which views the woman as an aspect of your own infinite self.
Hey girl, are you familiar with Buddha's teaching?
I didn't believe in reincarnation the last time, either.
I know I'm a buddist, but GOD DAMN you're gorgeous!
It is a man's own mind that lures him to evil ways. My mind is full of you.
So, I hear reincarnation is making a comeback.
I know you're an atheist, but I can make you scream God.
Are you a deity? Because you look unreal.
Wanna re-create the Big Bang?
Hey there, have you been touched by the great noodly appendage?
Jesus may not come a second time, but I sure can!
I may not go to church, but I have an organ for you.
Did it hurt when you were ripped from the cold bosom of oblivion and given conscious thought?
Wanna prove immaculate conception wrong?
Naturally, I'd select you over anyone else.
Let me show you there is a God.
Skeptical about my abilities in bed? Don't worry I can provide tons of proof.
I know I'm an atheist but, GOD DAMN you're gorgeous!
Is that a cluster of body thetans in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
You're sweating because of those extra Body Thetans. Want to slip into something more comfortable?
Would you like to come home and audit on my e-meter?
How about you hold my can while I audit your body thetans?
I have $100,000 burning a hole in my pocket, would you like to reg me?
Let me stick my evil xenu in your cave.
Get on your knees, open your mouth, and hail Xenu!
I want to put my intention in you.
Wanna MEST around?
My org needs a touch assist.
Would you mind auditing me on the Happiness Rubdown?
Perhaps you can help me with my PTP by snapping terminals with me and being my twin on some TNA processing.
Whenever I see you, my tone arm rises!
Want to help me get my stats up?
I've been waiting 75 million years to see a meat body like yours.
Would you like to ride my face to total freedom?
Can you help me meet my dissemination targets?
Where have you been all my Whole Track?
You can blow my org any day
If you were a car door, I'd slam you all night long.
Would you like to lubricate my camshaft?
I'd love to jack you up and check out your undercarriage.
They say some men drive really expensive cars to compensate for a small penis... Did I mention that I drive a 1978 Ford Pinto?
Can you help me reconfigure my GPS system? I need directions to get into your pants.
Can I put my dipstick in your oil hole?
Is your battery dead? Cause I'd love to jump you.
I need some coolant, because you've got my engine overheating.
Since gas prices are so high, I think you should carpool with me to dinner tonight.
I'm lost, can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
Do you mind if I check out your exhaust pipe?
Ever had sex in bucket seats?
Do you know what the difference is between you and my car? I'd love to wreck you.
My nuts are made of titanium.
Would you like to blow my headgasket?
If you were a Dodge, I'd RAM you.
Will I get a chance to pop your clutch?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or I should drive around the block one more time?
Save a horse. Ride a cowboy.
Got 8 seconds?
You know what they say about a cowboy with a large belt buckle...
Are you a cowgirl? Cause I can see you riding me.
I just shot a man for smiling at me. Wanna get hitched and steamboat away?
Wanna watch me unload my six shooter?
Girl, I want to foal-fill your needs.
Wanna see my scars?
The Sheriff wants to arrest me. Can I hide in your house?
Do you like Mexican food? Because I will wrap you in my arms and make you my bae-rito.
I'm the Juan for you.
I may not be your cup of tea, but I'm a great shot of tequila.
Hey chica! There's a fiesta in my pantalones and you and your amigas are invited.
Can you put some hot sauce on my enchilada? Cause I need some spice in my life.
I'd cross borders for you.
We can blame it on fajita the moment.
You're the kind of girl I could mariachi
Damn boy, you can stick your taquito in my guacamole anytime you want!
One look at you, chica, and my soft-shell taco got deep fried.
Are you a Bud Light Lime? Cause you look like a guilty pleasure.
I'll even throw in my secret sauce free of charge.
Ay dios mio! Jorge jr. just got muy gordito.
Were you born on the Bluenose? Because baby, you're a dime.
I'm waking up at 5am for hockey, but I would stay up all night for you.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Also Did you utilize Canada's public healthcare system to help ease that pain?
Are you a maple tree? Because I'd tap you!
My friends have been calling me a Loonie, because I'm crazy about you.
Did you know I'm a goalie? Yeah, I always wear protection.
I wish I was Tim Horton's coffee, so I could get close to your lips
I'll make you see the northern lights!
I'm getting cold just thinking about Canada. Let's Cuddle!
Get that red light ready, because you and I are about to score.
I'm really big into architecture; want to see my CN tower?
Fall hardly happens here, but you'll be falling hard for my Canadian charm.
Want to help raise my totem pole?
Until I saw you, I didn't believe I'd ever see an arctic fox
Want to see my lumber, Jack?
You remind me of a ski hill, and now I really want to hit those slopes
What can I say I'm good with my stick!
I'm a man who drinks beer from an Awesome Land. Need I say more?
I don't have four leaves, but if you pluck me, I'll give you luck!
Top of the morning to you... actually, I'd like to be on top of you in the morning.
Why don't you come catch a leprechaun with me. Maybe together we'll get Lucky!
Tip o' the Trojan to ye!
Is that a shillelagh in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
So you actually kissed the Blarney Stone? Tongue or no tongue?
If you don't sleep with me, the leprechauns have already won!
Lassie, it's your ancestral duty to drive the snake out of my pants!
Well, lass, we're the only ones still standing. How about a go?
Are you from Ireland? 'Cause my dick's-a-Dublin!
You look magically delicious, and I just happen to be a cereal lovemaker.
Well, ye caught me, lass! Now I can grant ye one wish, as long as it involves sex.
Mere dost mujhe Majnu bulate hai
Farhan Akhtar from Zindagi Na Milegi Dobaara
Main tumhari aankhon mein apni mohabbat ka ikraar dekhna chahta hoon.
Dilip Kumar from Mughal-e-Azam
Mere saamne waali khidki mein ek chand ka tukda rahta hai.
Sunil Dutt from Padosan
Soocho, soocho... aur soochne ke liye main tumhe apni saari zindagi deta hoon
Saif Ali Khan from Kal Ho Naa Ho
Tu original piece hai, maloom hai na tujhe? Aisa dosara nahi hai.
Shahid Kapoor from Jab We Met
Rahul naam toh suna hoga
Shah Rukh Khan from Dil Toh Pagal Hai
Aati Kya Khandala?
Aamir Khan from Ghulam
Agar tum mujhe yun hi dekhti rahi... to tumhe mujhse pyar ho jayega
Salman Khan from Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam
I love you, girlfriend ban ja meri, tu aur main rock kar denge!
Ranbir Kapoor from Rockstar
Aamir Khan from Dil Chahta Hai
Main tujhe bahut bahut bahut love karoonga aur tujhse dher sara love loonga... bol degi love?
Ranveer Singh from Band Baaja Baaraat
Aag joh dil mein lagi hai, usse duniya mein laga doonga main... joh teri doli uthi, zamaane ko jalaa doonga main
Ajay Devgn from Diljale
Kya aap believe karte hai love at first sight mein... yah main dobaara ghoom ke aao?
Saif Ali Khan from Cocktail
I see you're drinking 1%. Is that 'cause you think you're fat? 'Cause you're not. You could be drinking whole if you wanted to.
Are you stalking me? Because that would be super!
You know, when you blow out the match, it's an invitation to kiss you.
You make me want to be a better man.
Was that cannon fire, or is it my heart pounding?
The thing is, um, what I'm trying to say, very inarticulately, is that, um, in fact, perhaps despite appearances, I like you, very much. Just as you are.
I want all of you. Forever. Every day.
I don't bite, you know... unless it's called for.
Take me to bed or lose me forever.
You give me premature ventricular contractions. You make my heart skip a beat.
Do you like bracelets? Because I have a bunch in my van.
Get ready for the drop... of my pants
If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
You're wearing a bear cap, I'm wearing a bear cap - let's make cubs.
There's a rave in my pants and you've got guest list.
Do I have a grass stain on my ass?
Are you security? Because I've got a suspicious bulge in my pants.
I must be wearing 3-D glasses, because your body is popping.
Is this a camping festival? Cause you got me pitching a tent.
To get backstage, you must go backdoor.
You must be a cold shower, because I'd love to be inside you.
Is your name sun screen? Because I'd feel better if you were all over me.
Can I lubricate your point tonight?
Don't worry about a thing, I brought a protective rubber tip.
I prefer the French style, but I hear Italian is fun too.
Are you into whips, or just good old fashioned thrusting?
Are you a screamer?
Are you here for the fencing lesson? Because I'm about to shove it in
Can I be your bp later?
I want to touch you all over!
Wanna pull my body wire tonight?
You look edgy, perhaps you should lower your guard a little.
You can lunge at me any time.
If fencers still wore hearts on their uniforms you'd see how you've touched mine.
Wanna find out why my friends call me the Scoring Apparatus?
Let me buy you a Lexan mask so I can gaze into your eyes all day.
I'm no Thomas Paine, but you and I are Common Sense.
Want to reenact the Battle of the Bulge?
Do you want to help me with my project on the tit- I'm mean, TET Offensive?
Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore... my face should be among them!
There's a reason they say I started the Era of Good Feelings.
Want to play War of 1812? I'll light your White House on fire.
I'll be your Secretary of the Interior.
I bet if Jefferson had met you, he would have vetoed the Non-Intercourse Act.
Are you from Medieval Times? Cause you Sir Gagsalot
Want to go back to my place and discuss Big Stick Diplomacy?
I have sex like I fight a war; I got no exit strategies.
Is your name Maya, cause I'd like to sacrifice you to the gods.
The Great Pyramid, the Sahara, the Nile, me... get the picture?
Are you an early hominid? Because I've got a Homo Erectus right now.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Do you want me to probe you?
Want an out-of-this-world experience?
Want to join the thousand-mile-high club?
Your eyes glow just like the twin suns on my home planet.
Hey baby, wanna take a ride in my saucer?
Are you a carbon-based model?
Have you eve had a close encounter of the pantless kind?
Is your dad an astronaut? Because he stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a galaxy like this?
Where have you been, for the first 900 years of my life?
You know what's faster than the speed of light? My heart when I just think of you.
I'd swim to Hawaii just to be laid by you.
Are you from Tokyo? Because I want to get in Japanties
Are you from China? Because I'm China ask you out!
Are you from Africa? Because I like Djibouti!
Is your daddy a leprechaun, cause Irish you were naked.
I know your Muslim, but would you allow me Dubai you a drink?
Are you from Cuba? because Havana date you
Are you Jamaican cause your Jamaican me crazy!
Are you from Iraq? Cause I'd love to see you Baghdad ass up
Are you from the Philippines? Because I wanna Phil you with my penis.
I love your accent, I could listen to it all day
Are you Italian? Venice the day I can take you out on a date?
Hey baby, are you being followed? Because I've been seeing people behind your back.
I'll always remember last night, but I think we can forget about tomorrow.
Is it hot in here or is this relationship suffocating me?
Roses are red, Violets are blue. The garbage is dumped, now so are you.
I now pronounce you dumped and single. You may now kiss my ass.
There's something I've been wanting to say since the day we met... Goodbye!
I don't want the responsibility of someone else's happiness.
I treated this relationship like my diet, one cheat day a week.
If it's meant to be it's meant to be....but just to be clear it isn't.
I think you love me more than I love you.
To be honest, our time together has just become more effort than you're worth.
Roses are red, violets are blue. We're breaking up because I never loved you.
Remember when I asked you out? Well, I was talking to the girl behind you.
Please see our huge collection of Cheesy Pick Up Lines!
I'm sorry I didn't get you chocolates for Valentine's Day, but if you want something sweet I'm right here.
Once you go cupid, the rest are just stupid!
I bought you 12 roses for Valentine's Day - 11 real and 1 fake. I will love you until all of them die and wilt away.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I tell Cupid to shoot you with that arrow one more time?
Hello, Cupid called... he says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
You break my heart into 15 unique, chewable pieces... just like a Whitman's Sampler.
Going on a date with me is WAY better than eating a bag of those weird, chalky heart candies with sayings on them.
The only sweet thing I want for Valentine's Day is a cutie pie like you!
Can I have a kiss on the cheek? I want to be able to say a gorgeous girl kissed me on Valentine's Day.
Be mine because you're fine.
Do you like cats? Because I'd like you to take meowt for Valentine's Day.
I was going to get you a box of chocolates, but you already have a sweeter box.
When I look at you, I see more stars than the cast list in that Valentine's Day movie.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
My coffee is really hot. But you're hotter.
Black coffee. A purist. I give my stamp of approval.
Hark! An angel has fallen to grounds.
I like my ladies like I like my coffee - a hot shock to the lap.
Wanna go on a doppio date?
Is that a steam wand in your pocket?
I like my baristas like I like my coffee - hot, sweet, and creamy.
I like the way you espresso yourself.
Hold the sugar please, you're sweet enough for the both of us.
I'm going to start watching my caffeine intake, because baby you make my heart palpitate.
You giving me your number sounds like a fair trade.
If you need to take it slow, I can cold-brew.
Do you want me to grind that for you?
You roast my heart.
That's a nice mug you got on ya.
Been thinking about you a latte
Can you pass the coffee and sugar because you just made me cream in my pants
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Are you a faulty French press because I'd like to be burned by you and recall you afterwards.
I can feel something brewing between the two of us.
You know, you can increase your charitable contributions by handing me your digits.
In my office, 'I.R.S.' stands for 'I'm really sexy.'
You've got a lovely pair of W-2's.
You're entitled to a $5,000 tax break on your municipal bond income - now let's do it.
If I help you screw Uncle Sam, can I be next?
Please baby, let me withhold you.
Let's fill out a 1040 - you're a 10, and I'm 40.
You make my pants file for an extension.
Nice assets.
You're the kind of girl I could take home to mother, which is good, since I still live with her.
Technically, having sex with me is a charitable gift.
Baby, I could tax that ass all night long!
You know, my return this year was huge...like, huuuuge.
So do you file electronically around here often?
After filing today, I learned I have quite a strong flexible spending account. Are you flexible?
I think we should swap some liquid assets.
Do you wanna play lion tamer? It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
Are you a cat? Because you're purrrrrfect.
If I was a squirrel I'd store my nuts in your hole!
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back at my place
I'm the flower, you're the bee. Why don't you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
If I bear my heart and soul, can I sneak a peek at your honey pot?
Are you a dog? Because I'd like to throw you a bone.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
Do you like Eagles? Cause I can make you sore.
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
If you were a camel, I'd hump you!
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Do you have pet insurance? Because I'm going destroy your pussy.
I'll have the chicken breast, hold the chicken.
Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you!
If you were a farmer I would let you choke my chicken
Have you ever milked a cow before? cause your gonna need a bucket for this too.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
Are you an officer? Cause you just made my privates stand at attention.
Hey baby, are you Delta Tango Foxtrot?
I wanna SIPR all over your NIPR
Damn girl, are you a five paragraph order? Because I wanna SMEAC dat
Hey, my roommate is going out tonight.
Stand on the yellow footprints and prepare for receiving.
You wanna go to driftwood?
Let me get those ten digits and ill fire for effect.
Baby, you put the fox in foxhole.
BAMCIS!
Can I Foxtrot India November Golf Echo Romeo you?
Can I Whisky Tango all over your Foxtrot?
You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
Girl, you remind me of a box of chocolates, because I want to take your top off.
I was going to get you a box of chocolates, but you already have a sweeter box.
You break my heart into 15 unique, chewable pieces... just like a Whitman's Sampler.
Sweet Marie, the moment I saw you, I knew I would Skor and have you screaming 'Oh Henry' by the end of the night!
How about I dip my frozen yogurt in your hot fudge?
Do you like a cherry on top? If not, can I have yours?
Baby, I want you to be the Baskin to my Robbins, the Ben to my Jerry, my Dairy Queen of Queens.
You put the 'hot' in hot fudge sundae
I'm not here to play mind games. Except brain freeze.
It must be hot in here...cause you're making me melt.
Baby, you must've just been churned,cause you're looking so fresh.
Can I double stuff your ice cream sandwich?
I brought you a small spoon, in case you wanted to sample my flavor.
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
If you're Rocky Road, then I would love to pave you.
Hey baby, you wanna share a banana split? Split your legs and let me pop your cherry
I scream, you scream, we both scream... in bed.
You must be a gelato, because you make ice creams look bad.
You must be frozen yogurt, because I want to spoon you.
You're so smooth you're making me lose my chips!
You are like the sprinkles on my ice cream.
You are on my list of things I'd do for a klondike bar.
You could never be ice cream, because you are too hot!
Is that a drumstick in your pocket or you are just happy to see me?
I love you more than ice cream.
Are you Choco Taco? Because everyone wants you.
Are you made of ice cream? Because I can't wait to eat you up!
You can't spell Ice Cream without 'M-E'!
I must be made of pecan pralines, cause I am NUTS for you!
One scoop of me plus one scoop of you equals a big bowl of cute.
Are those pants on sale? Because they're 100% off at my place!
Baby, you are like a Black Friday deal... worth the wait!
I would line up outside Walmart for you on Black Friday.
Careful, don't run too fast, or you might just trample my heart.
Are you a store Black Friday flyer? Because you turn me on.
Come over on Black Friday. We can make love and have left-overs from Thanksgiving dinner. Did I mention my mom is a great cook?
I'd dig through a $5 DVD bin for your favorite movie on Black Friday just to win your heart.
I see you waiting in line too. I can help you kill some time.
I'd give up my discounted LED TV for a kiss from you.
Your clearance rack looks amazing, if you know what I mean!
Skip the Black Friday line. You can have me for free.
You can't put a price on love like ours.
Yo father must be a drug dealer, cuz you dope!
Hey do you have an inhaler? Cuz you got ass ma!
If fine was a felony you'd be on death row!
Aye girl lemme beat it like some cake mix!
Baby, you thicker than the bible... and I wanna read all yo pages!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Do you like to draw? Because I put the D in Raw!
Girl, ya look like a bottle of maple syrup... THICK!
Hey girl you got a father? Want a daddy?
Are your parents beavers? Cuz DAMMMMMMMM!
Hey baby, are you looking for affordable housing? Cuz I've got an opening on Boner Street!
If what matters is on the inside... How do I get on the inside?
Lemme borrow that number girl.
Honey just by seeing you from behind, I know you're a well-rounded person!
I'm digging you like a shovel ma!
Hey boo, I'd like to be a part of your next abortion.
Girl you be the 6, I'll be the 9, that's only time you'll be less than a dime.
Are you a Hellkite Tyrant? Because you just stole my Coldsteel Heart.
Can I put my Null Rod in your Knowledge Pool?
Wanna see my Armada Wurm?
I call my penis the noble hierarch. It gets bigger whenever I send it to the red zone and I can tap it for white mana.
Are you a Green Mage? Because you just gave me a Giant Growth.
Hey baby, Do you love convoke, cause I need to tap your Corpsejack Menace with my Siege Wurm.
Hey girl, I really wish I had a Time Warp, so I could be with you once more.
Hey girl! Wanna slide down my pole?
I could make you scream louder than the fire siren.
Can I hit your hydrant?
Did u know that firefighters are professional hose handlers?
You know, firefighters have the longest hoses!
The fire might be out but you are still smoking hot.
The hotter you get, the faster we come!
Firefighters are always in heat.
I would climb you like a ladder.
I save babies, puppies, and kittens. And I look forward to saving you from a boring life!
Nice hose, does it pump?
Do you like Pizza Hut? Because I want to stuff your crust.
Just like this pizza, my tongue will also go straight to your thighs.
Are you the pizza man? Because you sure can deliver.
Will you be the extra cheese to my pizza?
That's not a candy cane in my pocket. I'm just glad to see you!
I know when you've been bad or good...so let's skip the small talk!
I've got something special in the sack for you!
How about sitting on my lap and seeing what pops up?
I see you when you're sleeping & you don't wear any underwear...
Shouldn't you be sitting on top of the tree, Angel?
Please do not be alarmed if a big man wearing a red suit picks you up and throws you into a bag. (Why?) Because I asked for you for Christmas.
How about I slip down YOUR chimney, at half past midnight?
Hey Babe, when was the last time you did it in a sleigh?
Wanna check out my mistletoe belt buckle?
Hey Cutie, ever do it in a sleigh?
I like milk and cookies but I would rather have you.
He may have a nice car but I have a fast sleigh
Nice wrapping but I need to inspect it.
You are what I want for Christmas.
I can get you off the Naughty List.
You know, I'd love to show you the toys my elves make for adults.
Wanna see my 12-inch elf?
I know its not Christmas, but Santa's lap is always ready.
Some of my best toys run on batteries...
Your stocking isn't the only thing I'll be stuffing tonight...
If your left leg is Thanksgiving and your right leg is Christmas, can I come visit you between the holidays?
I've got something you can hang a wreath on.
Would you like to come to my place and light my Yule log?
Believe me... if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows!
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa exactly what I want for Christmas?
I can't find a costume for Halloween, so can I just go as your boyfriend?
Your costume looks complicated. Need help taking it off?
You're the most boo-tiful ghost I've seen all night!
You look so good, you're making my man-bits rise from the dead.
Do you like trick-or-treating? Cause I'll give you this Hallow-weiner.
You must be tired, because you've been running through my nightmares all night!
I don't want your candy, what I really want is your number.
Hey pumpkin, I bet I can put a smile on your face!
That's a nice Witch costume, but you won't be needing the broom anymore, because you've already swept me off my feet.
Wanna find out how many licks it takes to get to the center of my Tootsie Pop?
You are dead sexy. Literally.
Halloween is the night of darkness. But you are brighter than an angel.
I wanna bob for your apples.
You're the only treat I want in my sack this Halloween.
Why don't we go somewhere where I can stick a candle in your jack-o-lantern?
I'm no vampire but I'm fine with getting no sleep and biting your neck all night.
Are you dressed up as a tree? Cause you're giving me wood.
I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach. And worms. And maggots...
Nice pumpkins! And I like your boobs, too.
I would totally carve your pumpkin.
If I were a zombie, I'd eat you first.
That skeleton over there said he'd get your number for me, but he didn't have the guts, so here I am.
I want to put my Tootsie Roll in your basket.
Don't worry, those warts on my face aren't anywhere else!
Hello there, boo-tiful!
Please come home with me. You never know what I'll turn into, at midnight!
You look so good, you're making my man-bits rise from the dead.
I want a taste of your Milky Way.
Is that candy in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is that a bat in your pocket, or does my costume excite you?
If you think I'm hot now, wait until you see what I turn into at midnight.
Hey baby, you've captured my eye. Could I have it back? It's the only one I've got, to fall in love with you at first sight.
Mmm baby! You're decomposing in ALL the right places!
Baby, I'm a necrophiliac. How good are you at playing dead?
Trick or treat at my place and I guarantee you'll get a full-size Snickers bar!
Are you being a ghost for Halloween, or are you just my boo?
My real costume is at home in a box under my bed.
I'm dressed up as a fake werewolf right now, but I become a real beast in the bedroom.
You wanna take a ride on my broomstick?
If you were a jack-o'-lantern, I'd totally light your candle.
What's a nice ghoul like you doing in a crypt like this?
Hey, Are you made of candy? Because you look so sweet!
Hey, my parents are out of town. That means we have the haunted mansion all to ourselves.
I've got some wicked feelings brewing for you.
I'm tired of this old broom. Got anything else I can ride?
You should dress up as a baker for Halloween with that set of buns.
Is that a magic wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
My name isn't Casper, but you could be my Boo.
That pirate outfit looks really hot on you. Wanna search me for buried treasure?
Your costume looks great now, but it would look even better on my bedroom floor.
I heard there is a vampire on the loose you better stay with me tonight.
Hey, Baby do you want to see what tricks my treat could do for you!
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out?
I will give you my heart and this other guy's heart.
I will make you scream.
You want me to prove that I'm not a zombie? Well, your brain is pretty much the only part of you I'm not interested in.
Nurse, can I have a little sugar to help the medicine go down?
Pardon me for drooling, but without my jaw, I can't help myself!
Do you have a little zombie in you? Would you like to?
Arrrr, call me a pirate and give me that booty!
(Zombie Costume) Hey there, have heard that rigor mortisis the new Viagra?
(Vampire Costume) If you play your cards right, you might be the one who sucks tonight.
(Witch Costume) I like your warts, want to see a few of mine?
(Hulk Costume) Wanna see my mini hulk?
(Greek Costume) Wanna see my Trojan Horse?
(Dog Costume) Would it offend you if I humped your leg?
(Hobo Costume) Hey there, ever done it in a cardboard box?
(Angel Costume) Hello, I am the answer to your prayers.
(UPS Delivery Costume) Excuse me, Miss, could you sign for this package?
My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky!
I'm in the mood to multiply.
There's an Easter parade in my pants... wanna go?
You can be my chocolate bunny. I'll start by nibbling on your ears and save your behind for last.
If you come back to my place, I'll give you a 'peeps' show.
I don't normally put all my eggs in one basket, but I wanna be your number one bunny, honey.
I'm on a hunt - for your number.
You're not just somebunny... you're my bunny.
I'll show you where Easter eggs come from - you may be surprised!
Ever done it on a pile of artificial grass?
You put the cream in my eggs.
I'm just like an easter bunny - sweet, but hollow on the inside.
I could never Passover you.
It's easter - Jesus came back from the dead today. I think we can make this work!
I'd love to stuff your turkey, sweetheart.
Would you like to try some of this dark meat?
Thanksgiving dinner isn't the only thing that will make you wanna loosen your belt.
Wow, that's one fantastic spread!
Those Juicy Breasts Are Making Me Hungry!
Wanna take a look at my meat thermometer?
I've got a little something for you to gobble on.
Baby, I can make your Plymouth Rock!
Do you wanna ride my mayflower?
Tying the legs together will keep the inside moist.
I'd love to get you in my gravy boat.
I can give you something to really be thankful about!
The only thing sweeter than pumpkin pie is you, baby!
There's only one cavity that I want to stuff, if you know what I mean.
You can call me Tryptophan, because you'll be all sleepy after I'm done with you!
Baby, I'll make you see stars and stripes!
You remind me of the constitution, because you look like a national treasure
You read, white, and blew my mind.
My flag will never fly at half mast as long you're around.
You be Yankee Doodle, I'll be the pony.
I'll have you exercising your right to free speech all night long.
Oh say can you see... me in your bed tonight.
You have the right to bear me in your arms.
Because of my rights related to eminent domain, you have to compensate me for stealing my heart.
I believe all lady parts deserve equal representation.
I'll put my John Hancock on your bar tab if you hang out with me for a while.
I'm a man without a country. Can I be a citizen of you?
I'm arresting you for breaking the 8th amendment because you...are excessively fine!
I'm glad there's freedom of religion because I worship you.
You can be my mate but we won't be doing any running.
You can pay the poll tax personally with me.
I will go full-term in your oval office.
The inauguration of the new president may come quickly but I won't!
The government gives you the right to bare your arms but I give you the right to bare everything else.
You don't have to wait for succession, you're first in line for me.
18 year olds can exercise their rights in government and on me!
Whooo! Party like it's 1776!
If you ask me if I love you I'll have to plead the 5th. Don't want to incriminate myself.
Baby I can last for waaayy more than 2 terms.
Thomas Jefferson would have wanted this.
They can prohibit my alcohol, you intoxicate me enough.
I'd start a revolution for your number.
Wanna role play? I'll be John Adams and you can be Abigail. They wrote very steamy love letters, you know.
I'll do your process.
We'll have a balance on powers. You can be on top.
There's too much power in my pants that needs to be balanced. Will you help me release it?
They call my bedroom the 14th colony.
Baby, you're a firework.
You're by far the prettiest girl here. The 'Liberty bell' of the ball.
You have the right to protest but I don't think you'll want to.
You forgot to pay your income tax so I'm coming to seize your ASSets.
Let's be like the original thirteen colonies AND MULTIPLY.
Is that a banana in your pocket, or you just... carrying a musket because of the Quartering Act.
Wanna ring in the New Year with a bang?
Can I be your first mistake of the New Year?
Don't leave too early... the last thing I want to say to you before we part is 'good morning'.
Do you want to see two balls drop?
Got anyone to kiss at midnight?
Looks like we're the only ones still standing... let's get out of here!
Do you have a New Year's Resolution? I'm looking at mine right now.
Have you had enough champagne to believe I'm handsome yet?
Do you know it's unlucky to be so good looking and not have anyone to kiss at midnight?
Can I be your new year's wrecking ball?
I can think of better place to pour champagne.
I must be huntin' treasure, 'cause I'm diggin' yer chest!
Ya certainly put the shiver in me timber!
Me skull and crossbones aren't the only things I plan on raisin' tonight!
Nice poop deck on ya, lady. Care for a swabbin'?
I got me a bad case of scurvy, and your grapefruits are the only cure!
Let me stick me cannon in your porthole.
Arrrrrrrrrrrrr you free this Saturday?
Is that an 'X' on the seat of your pants? 'Cause it appears that there's wond'rous booty buried underneath!
Yo, ho ho! How 'bouts a bottle of rum?
Do ya mind if the parrot watches?
Strike yer panties and prepare to be boarded, lassie!
I'll let you in on a big secret... that's no peg leg!
I sure would like to pillage yer booty.
It would make me Jolly if we could Roger.
Wanna come back to my home port and see my dock?
Well call me a landlubber, 'cause I'm about to plunder your Treasure Island.
Yo ho ho! How bout a bottle Of rum? Drink up cause we're about to get swashbuckled!
I hope you like to matey, because I'm about to swab your deck.
Yer guilty of being a hot wench. I sentence you to walking my plank!
Fair Maiden, you can scale my battlements any day!
What's a princess like you doing in a dungeon like this?
I'd rather be beheaded than be denied a date with you.
Yes, I am indeed a wizard. Watch me make your clothes disappear!
When I was put on the rack in the inquisition, my limbs weren't the only things that got stretched.
What a fine set of chalices you have.
It seems as if my dragon has finally found a nice cave to rest in.
You wouldn't happen to know where a lonely knight could sheath his sword, would you?
Is that a knife in your armor? Or are you just happy to see me?
If I were a horse, I'd rather you mounted me without the saddle.
Would you care to see my longsword in action?
You look like a maiden in distress, why don't I save you?
Your chastity belt would look great on the floor of my sleeping chamber.
Fair Maiden, your cups runneth over.
I most certainly am King in bed! Shall I prove it to you?
It's not the size of the staff that matters, but the magic within.
I am beset by this dragon in my loins, and only you can quench its fire!
Don't believe the rumours you've heard... the Bubonic plague didn't affect my important organs.
Like a mare, I can be ridden for hours.
They say a knight is always as hard as his armor.
What a fine gown you're wearing, my lady. Perchance may I talk you out of it?
I may not be a priest, but I can take you to the heavens, princess.
Come up to my chamber and I'll show you the largest treasure in the land.
I came here looking for a little tail.
Is it warm in here, or are you in heat?
I'll sniff your butt if you sniff mine.
Whoa! Look at THOSE puppies!!
You had me at ruff.
When I say 'bitch', I mean it as a compliment!
Hey baby, meeting you has given me a new leash on life.
You can pee on my fire hydrant all night long.
Come on, don't make me beg!
Hey there, beautiful... looking for an Alpha dog?
Hey Gorgeous, can I buy you a liver treat?
Knick-knack, Paddy-wack, you just gave this dog a bone.
Since chocolate is toxic to me, how 'bout a little sugar?
A day with you is like an eternity of behind-the-ear scratches.
Do you pee here often?
I must be a Dog Tick, because I'm stuck on you.
Baby, you are what I call a hot dog!
You smell so familiar
Your doghouse or mine?
Can I get you a tennis ball?
I am looking for a leash-free relationship.
Do you pee here often?
It was love at first sniff.
I love to be pawed.
You make me want to be a more obedient dog.
Hey girl, want to help me bury my bone?
Is your tail always wagging, or are you just happy to see me?
