Are you a 4loce? Because you’re so hot!
I want to get my heart with you.
You are so beautiful that you know what I mean.
I have a cenver? Because I just stowe must your worms.
Hey baby, I’m swirked to gave ever to say it for drive.
If I were to ask you out?
You must be a tringle? Cause you’re the only thing here.
I’m not on your wears, but I want to see your start.
You are so beautiful that you make me feel better to see you.
Hey baby, you’re to be a key? Because I can bear your toot?
I don’t know you.
I have to give you a book, because you’re the only thing in your eyes.
Are you a candle? Because you’re so hot of the looks with you.
I want to see you to my heart.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I have a price tighting.
I have a really falling for you.
Your beauty have a fine to me.
Are you a camera? Because I want to see the most beautiful than you.
I had a come to got your heart.
You’re so beautiful that you say a bat on me and baby.
You look like a thing and I love you.
Hello.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for. 
You make my software turn into hardware! 
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection. 
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing. 
You had me at "Hello World." 
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy. 
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime. 
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you. 
My servers never go down... but I do! 
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight? 
My 'up-time' is better than BSD. 
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine! 
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart. 
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean. 
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady. 
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping? 
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open? 
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty. 
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out! 
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable. 
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up. 
Want to see my Red Hat? 
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop. 
You put the SPARC in my workstation. 
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo. 
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com? 
I'd switch to emacs for you. 
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing. 
Nice Set of Floppies! 
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle. 
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it. 
WebMD says your love is contagious. 
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU. 
I'd like to play on your laptop. 
Where's the 'like' button for that smile? 
You totally spiked my traffic. 
You are the Apple of my i-Mac. 
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long. 
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'. 
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor. 
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access. 
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes. 
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video. 
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen. 
Your homepage or mine? 
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel. 
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you. 
You auto-complete me. 
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you. 
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook? 
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me! 
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads. 
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you. 
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten. 
What do you say we play a game of "Words With More Than Friends?" 
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you. 
Need me to unzip your files? 
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them! 
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.' 
How about we go home and you handle my exception? 
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long. 
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access. 
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop. 
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare. 
Can I do a penetration test on your back door? 
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive? 
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop? 
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port? 
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you’ve got fine written all over you
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy
Stand still so I can pick you up!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call fine print
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together
I’m not drunk. I’m just intoxicated by you
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Damn! You with those curves and me without brakes!
How much does a polar bear weigh? (how much?) Enough to break the ice… Hi, I’m (your name)
Do you have a map? I’m getting lost in your eyes
I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but… I’m Batman!
You shouldn’t wear makeup. It’s messing with perfection
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…Want to help prove him wrong?
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass
When God made you, he was showing off
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for you, the woman of my dreams
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you’ve got a nice set of buns
Did it hurt? … when you fell out of heaven?
Are you a terrorist? … cause you’re the bomb!
Are you a light switch? … cause I want to turn you on
They say dating is a numbers game… so can I get your number?
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You’re making the other women look really bad
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it’s just a sparkle
I don’t know you, but I think I love you already
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
You know I’d like to invite you over, but I’m afraid you’re so hot that you’ll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
You’re so hot, you’d make the devil sweat
Are you an interior decorator? Cause you are making this room beautiful
Hi, my name is Doug. That’s “god” spelled backwards with a little bit of U wrapped up in it
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it
If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
Somebody better call God, cause heaven’s missing an angel
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here
Here’s the key to my house, my car… and my heart
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you’re killing me!
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m lovin’ it!
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away
Was your father a thief? Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back
Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it’s causing global warming
I’m going to kiss you now. Say ‘Kiss Me’ if you want me to stop
You make me wish I weren’t gay!
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
I have amnesia – do I come here often?
Your lips look lonely. Let me introduce them to mine
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay
If I flip this coin, what are my chances of getting either head or tail?
With great penis, comes great responsibility
Hey, you should stop eating magnets. You’re making me attracted to you
What do I have to do to get on your drunk dial list?
On a scale from one to ten, how old are you?
Tag! You’re it! then pretend to run away
I’m in a Boyband called Wrong Direction
Are you fertile? I need a favor. (Why?) I need a baby by next summer in order to get my inheritence
You must be in the wrong place, the Miss Universe contest is over there
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Because I can see myself in your pants
If I said you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
Well, here I am. So what are your other two wishes?
If you were a booger I would pick you first
My magic watch says that you aren’t wearing any underwear. (She says she does) Damn! it must be 15 minutes fast
I’m invisible. (Really?) Can you see me? (Yes) How about tomorrow night?
Did you bring your helmet? To prevent you getting a concussion when I bang you against the headboard tonight
Don’t let me be the one that got away
The word of the day is legs. Let’s go back to my place and spread the word
If looks could kill you would be a weapon of mass destruction
If you were a burger at McDonald’s you’d be the McGorgeous
Please tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes
Are you accepting applications for your fan club?
Know what’s on the menu? Me ‘n’ u
Hiya good looking, whatcha got cookin?
Hey baby, you’re so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what’s your name?
You’re a drug. I’m an addict. I’m gonna have to check into rehab tomorrow
Did you just fart? (No) Coz you just blew me away
Are your initials LSD? Cause you got me trippin
Smile if you want to sleep with me
How do you like your eggs: poached, scrambled, or fertilized?
I’m a mindreader and Yes I will sleep with you
A-B-C-D-E-F-G R-U-D-T-F with me?
Did you grow up on a farm? Cause you sure know how to raise a good cock
I could’ve called heaven and asked for an angel, but I was hoping you’re a slut instead
When you eat water melon, do you spit or swallow the seeds?
I’m not a dick in real life, but I’ll play one in you tonight
Wow, you’re stunning, I think I just found the cure for impotence
If you ever get tired, you can sit on my face anytime
Do you work at Build-A-Bear. Cause I’d stuff you
Treat me like a pirate and give me that booty
Let’s play Barbie! I’ll be Ken, and you can be the box I come in
Which sexual position produces the nastiest children? Ask your mother
We should totally meet up for a pizza and f*ck. (!) What, you don’t like pizza?
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Cause there’s a political uprising in my pants
Hey, wanna go halfies on a bastard child?
Stare at her vagina area and say: Are you going to eat that?
You deserve to be a winner so don’t a looser by loosing the opportunity to sleep with me
High-five (slap hands). Booty-five (slap bootys). Tongue–five (slap tongues)
DTF?
What do you like for breakfast?
I may not have gotten your virginity, but can I at least have the box it came in?
You know what I really like in a girl? My dick
That’s a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
F*ck me if I’m wrong, but we have plans to have sex tonight – (checkmate)
You’re like my little toe, because I’m going to bang you on every piece of furniture
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
F*ck me if I am wrong, but haven’t we met before?
I’m going to make you breakfast – Omelette you suck this…
Are you a drill sergeant? Cause you have my privates standing at attention
I’m no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight
There will only be 6 planets left after I destroy Uranus
Have you ever kissed a cute rabbit between the ears? (Pull your pockets inside out) Would you like to?
Your rack reminds me of Mount Rushmore… my face should be among them
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package
Sit on my face and I’ll eat my way to your heart
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
Just remember: To you, I am a virgin
The only way your hair can look any better is on my pillow
I’m an astronaut and my next mission is to explore Uranus
I like my coffee how I like my woman… creamed!
Do you come here often or wait till you get home?
How about you get on your knees and smile like a donut
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
Netflix and Chill?
Are you from Iraq? Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up
As long as I have a face, you’ll have a place to sit
Did you just sit in sugar, because you got a sweet ass
I wanna put my thingy into your thingy
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face
Let’s have a party and invite your pants to come on down
You look so good, I wanna kiss your lips and move up to your bellybutton
Is your name Daisy? Cause I have a sudden urge to plant you right here
That shirt is very becoming on you. If I were on you, I’d be coming too
Let’s go to my place and do the things I’ll tell everyone we did anyway
I hope you like dragons, because I’ll be dragon my balls across your face tonight
I’m gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there
Are you a doctor? Cause you just cured my erectile dysfunction
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you
Your legs are like an Oreo Cookie. I wanna split them and eat all the good stuff in the middle
Hey, you wanna do a 68? You go down on me, and I’ll owe you one
Damn, are you my new boss? Cause you just gave me a raise
F**k me if I’m wrong, but isn’t your name Hilda?
Would it be weird if I wanted to bang your brains out, or just that I didn’t call you after?
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you’re hot
Are you from the ghetto? Cause I’m about to ghetto hold of dat ass
Do you have a shovel? Cause I’m diggin’ that ass!
Wanna go halves on a baby?
Sex is a sensation caused by temptation, when a man puts his location in a woman’s destination, did you understand the explanation or would you like a demonstration?
Are you the lottery lady on TV, because I’m picturing you holding up my balls
You are so selfish! You’re going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night
I’m like a Rubiks Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get
Hey baby, let’s play house, you can be the door and I’ll slam you all night long
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that drink
Tell your boobs to stop staring at my eyes
Nice legs, when do they open?
What kind of Uber are you – long or short rides?
Nice package. Let me unwrap that for you
Is my vagina crying or are you just sexy?
Give me your name so I know what to scream tonight
Hey, you work out?
Hey, give me your car keys… coz’ your driving me crazy
Could you help me stick something down my throat so I can test my gag reflex
I don’t need a spoonful of sugar to swallow you
No ring? You should be someones husband
I don’t feel so good, I think I need a shot of penis-illin
That suit is very becoming on you. Then again, I would be too!
Are you a taxidermist? OK, wanna try stuffing my pussy anyway?
I’ve got the buns, do you have the hot dog?
Do you have a napkin? You’re making me wet
Want to give me an Australian kiss. It’s like French kissing but you’re going down under
Are you a candle, because I wanna blow you
How much woman can you handle?
My body has 206 bones. Want to give me another one?
You look like a hard worker. I have an opening you can fill
If I told you I work for UPS, would you let me handle your package?
I know why they are calling it a beaver, because I am dying for some wood
Nice shirt. Is it made of boyfriend material?
I hear you’ve been a bad boy. Now go to MY room!
I suffer from amnesia. Have we had sex before? [No]. Well, why don’t we?
Kiss me if I am wrong, but isn’t your name… Richard?
If I could have you in bed, I wouldn’t need the cover to keep warm
You’ll do!
Do these feel real to you?
Is that a banana in your pants cause I’ll ‘ape you
You’re beautiful and has U in it, but “quickie” has U and I together
Are you a plumber (or name any well paid job)? Because that is a solid career choice with a decent wage and I crave stability.
Hi, I have a vagina
Don’t let this get to your head, but do you want some?
Do you shoplift? How would you like to five finger dis-cunt?
Excuse me, would you be a gentleman and push in my stool?
look at the guy, squint your sexy eyes, sensually lick your upper lip with the tip of your tongue
Are you a squirrel? Because I can see your nuts
I lost my teddy bear. Can I sleep with you tonight?
Your boner is giving my nipples an erection
How do you like your eggs? […] I prefer mine fertilized
Do you do carpeting? Because I’m looking for a deep shag
Me so corny. Me love you long time
Wanna go halfsies on a baby?
Are you a rainstorm? Because I’m soaked.
Did you just ring my doorbell? Well, you can come inside if you want
You like to eat Mexican?. Because you’re heating up my taco
Nice package, you need me to sign up that?
My taco would like to meat you
There are no seats, can I sit on your face?
Is it wet in here, or is it just my vagina?
I’m a spy on a secret mission. Come in me, if you want to live
My body is a movie and your penis is the star!
Wanna go back to my place and watch porn on my flat screen mirror?
Are you the delivery man? Because I believe you have a package for me
Are you Richard? Because I’ve been looking for a Dick all day
How do you like your sausage in the morning… scrambled or blown?


Please call 9-1-1, my heart just stopped for you
Are you a camera? Because I smile every time I see you
If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard
If you were a fruit, you would be a fineapple. And if you were a vegetable, I would visit you every day in hospital
You know what you’d look really beautiful in? My arms
I think you’ve got something in your eye. Oh never mind, it’s just a sparkle
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Are you going to kiss me or are you going to make me lie to my diary?
Are you a girl scout because you tie my heart in knot.
Caution: Please keep your distance. I might fall… for you
If I had a dime for every time I thought of you… I’d have one dime… coz you never left my mind
If beauty were time, you’d be an eternity
If I were a letter in the alphabet, I’d be Q, so I could always be next to U
May I have the distinguished honor and privilege of sitting next to you?
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me cavaties
You’re so cute, it’s distracting
Baby, you must be a broom, cause you just swept me off my feet
Can you give me directions to your heart? I seem to have lost my way in your eyes
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
I hope there’s a fireman around, cause you’re smokin’!
You know what would look cute? You and I, on a wedding cake together
Your smile lit up the room so I had to come over
I lost my teddy bear. Can I sleep with you
I was feeling a bit off today, but you definitely turned me on
Excuse me… Hi, I’m writing an essay on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you
It’s not my fault I fell in love. You are the one that tripped me
Was your father a thief? Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes
Your eyes are as blue as the ocean, and baby I’m lost at sea
If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would be empty
Hey there. I’m Mr. Right… someone said you were looking for me
If you wake up in a red room, with no windows or doors, don’t panic… you’re just in my heart
You look so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache
Are you a banana because I find you appealing
I wish I was one of your tears, so I could be born in your eyes, run down your cheek, and die on your lips
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You’re making the other women look really bad
Where do you hide your halo?
You’re so sweet you could put Hershey’s out of business
Excuse me, can you empty your pockets? I believe you’ve stolen my heart
Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day. All I’m asking for is one from you
I’ve fallen for you and I can’t get up
Wow, you look even better than your Avatar
I workout so I can carry more books
I always thought love was an abstract class until you made an instance of it
Ooh that energy! If we got hooked up to the grid, the power company would be out of business
Let’s go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
Roses are #FF0000. Violets are #0000FF. All my base are belong to you
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves
You’re like a dictionary, you add meaning to life
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
Let’s discover our coefficient of friction
Hey, my name is Windows. Can I crash at your place?
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Hey baby, are you a raygun? Cause you’re absolutely stunning
That ass must be critical data. Cause I want to back it up
You defragment my life
Is your name Wi-fi? Cause I’m feeling a connection
I’d like to mount that ISO
You use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean
Where’s the ‘LIKE’ button for that pretty face?
My servers never go down… but I do
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes
I’m just running a sniffer to see if any of your ports are open
How about a little peer-to-peer fluid swapping
You put the SPARC in my workstation
Your homepage or mine?
You had me at “Hello World”
Let me just update my Facebook status to smitten
Are your pants compressed? Let me help you unzip them
Want to see my Red Hat?
You auto-complete me
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it
Hey baby, let me hack your kernel
If you were an ISP I’d dial you all day long
Are you a robot? Cause I’d like to turn you on
Are you a carbon sample? Cause I want to date you
Are you Google? Cause you have everything I’ve been searching for
If I was a calculator, would you push my buttons?
If I asked you out, would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this question?
Are you the bottom of my laptop, because you’re hot
I’m hoping your file is ISO, so I can mount you
I less than three you – I
I’m overheating because you’re stuck in my head like an infinite loop
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you’re The One
You must be an atom, because you the bomb
Lets do it… in the name of science
If you were Graphite, I’d be Electron so I can travel freely through your sheets
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? ‘Coz you are F-I-Ne
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
You light up my bunsen
Do you have 11 protons? ‘Coz you’re Sodium fine!
If I were an enzyme, I’d be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes
Wanna be my lab partner?
Hey baby. Got got my ion you
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
I’m positive, you’re negative, let’s get together and make a compound
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
I’m more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you
Like roleplay? I’ll be the nucleophile, if you’ll be the electrophile
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Lets go to the lab and see if we can start a fire in that bunsen
I bet you’re like Calcium Bicarbonate – if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive
Can I be your enzyme? ‘Coz active site is dying for a chemical reaction
My favorite mechanism is a backside attack. And you?
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so I could get in you and explode
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond
Your lab or mine
I wish I was Adenine so I could get paired with U
You’re like an exothermic reaction. You spread hotness everywhere
You’re hotter than sulfur hydroxide mixed with ethyl acetate
My favorite element is uranium, because I love U
My name is Bond. Covalent Bond
Let’s get together sometime. You bring your beaker and I’ll bring my stirring rod
You’re the proton to my electron
We’ re like a galvanic cell. All that electricity flowing between us
You’re the center of my nucleus
You must be chlorine cause you are polarizing my bond
Are you into chemistry? Because I LAB you
You must be a compound of barium and beryllium because you’re a total BaBe
Could you tell me the oxidation state of this atom and your phone number
You’re my hydrogen (number #1)
I have recently discovered a very rare element called Beautium. I looks like you are made of it
Excuse me, have you lost an electron? Because you are positively attractive!
I’m Magnesium and you’re my oxygen. I light up when I’m with you
I feel a bond between us!
I Sulfur when you Argon
You’re such a Bohr. You need a shot of FlourineUraniumNitrogen
Hi, I’m here to deduce you
Lets try and solve for some irratic 0’s in your decimal place?
The square root of all my fantasies is you
I can’t function without you
If the Universe compelled me to assign you a number, you’d be my number 1
I’m binary and I think you are the 1 for me
You don’t need to be a mathetician to figure out we’re the perfect pair
You must have a p-value of at least 0.05, because I fail to reject you
I need help with my algebra. Could you replace my X without asking Y?
You’ve got the curves, I’ve got the angles
I’m not being obtuse, but you’re acute girl
If you take me to the root, you’ll swallow all your problems
Are you the square root of 2? Cause I feel irrational when I’m around you
I wish I were your second derivative, so I could investigate your concavities
You’ve got more curves than a triple integral
You are one well-defined function!
Honey, you’re sweeter than pi
I memorized all the digits of π. Give me your phone number and I’ll tell you if it’s got your digits in it
If we were two cute, but horny little rabbits, where would they multiply?
If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we’d make one
Baby, let me be your integral, so I can be the area under your curves
If I was a polynomial, how would you expand me?
Would you like to see the exponential growth of my natural log?
Are you a math teacher? Cause you got me harder than calculus
What’s your sine? It must be pi/2 because you’re the 1
If we were two objects of Set Theory, where would we intersect?
Why don’t you be the numerator and I be the denominator and both of us reduce to simplest form?
Your face has perfect reflective symmetry
Hi, are you open for deduction?
i = Ø when I’m not with you
If my girlfriend was to be X, could I substitute with U
If we have the same lucky number we should make out. What’s yours? [x] Mine too!
Hey, great body. Are you a Mathlete?
You remind me off a leopard… or a tiger. Either way, I don’t mind the claws
Where have you been all my lives?
I have a cat, she would like to meet you
If I were a cat, I’d spend all 8 lives with you
Tell me what makes you meow
I hope you have pet insurance, because I’m about to destroy your pussy
I’ll make you purrrrrrrrr
I’d give up one of my 9 lives for you
Baby, you put the T in tuna
Want to see some hairballs?
Just call me Puss in Boots
Hey, look what the cat dragged in
Are you one of them hot cougars that pick up young willing men?
Watch this Vine cat compilation. Not much pick up in it, but it’s fun!
Hey baby, I know what you did last summer
I heard you like teddy bears. You can give me a cuddle
Hey baby, your buns are on fire, you’ve left your oven on
Being broke sucks. Let me buy you a drink
No point resisting, I’ve already got privileged backdoor access to you
Hey, can I have your number? Just kidding. Already got it
I’m so honored to meet you. I’m kind of a big fan, I’ve read all of your e-mails
I’m a great listener
I’d never cheat on you like your boyfriend does with your BFF
Hey baby, I’d do anything to get with you… like lowering your ex’s credit score, wire tapping your boss and taking you off the no fly list
I bet I can guess your weight, birth sign, mother’s maiden name, SSN and your car’s VIN
Whoa… you look way sexier than indicated in your metadata
I probably shouldn’t tell you this, but you’ve got malware on your laptop and some creep from Idaho is jerking off to you through your webcam
I’ve got a tap on you, now I just need that ass
My love for you is unconstitutional
Hi, I just wanted to introduce myself. I’ve been watching you for a looooong time
I feel like I’ve known you forever, or at least since the Bush administration
I flagged you at first sight
Hey girl, I’d love to eat your brains out
Hey, wanna Rigor my Mortis?
You remind me of my ex, so I’m gonna rip your heart out
I love you for your mind
Damn, I´m now gonna have to rewrite my Zombie Plan to include you
It’s my lucky day cause (I’m a zombie and) you’re drop-dead gorgeous
Are you a zombie? [no] Want some?
Are you tired? Cause you’ve been dragging your feet around my mind all day
Hey, I’m hungry. May I invite you to dinner? [!] We can go eat that guy/girl over there
Hi, I’m a zombie. Mind if I take a bite out of you?
I wanna eat you out
What’s a nice corpse like you doing in a place like this?
Hey. You look kinda cute with those twisted legs, torn off jaw and eye dangling on your cheek
I Z U
You’d make a great mummy
With the body parts you do have, would you hold it against me?
Is that maggots in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Who’s your zombie?
It’s the apoca-lips. So kiss me!
Hey, I’d necrophile yo ass
I’m a mortition and work with corpses all day, but you’re the right kind of dead for me
Did you apply that makeup yourself or are you an extra on The Walking Dead
What a great looking dog, mind if I pet you, I mean her
Wanna go pee up some lamppost?
With your beauty and my thoroughbred we´d make an exotic litter of puppies
Do you believe in cross-breding?
Roll over. I’ll scratch your belly
Your doghouse or mine?
Is it warm out here or are you in heat?
I think this is love at first sniff
You´re more fetching than my favorite ball
I´ll be your Tramp, if you´ll be my Lady
Blah blah blah… SQUIRREL
Are you an archaeologist? Because I´ve got a very large bone for you to examine
You must be my backyard coz I really dig you
What a cute puppy. One day you’re going to be as beautiful as your Mommy
I’m a poodle in the streets, but a bulldog in the sheets
[do a doggy sniff] You smell nice
Is that your dog’s tail wagging or are you just happy to see me?
Do you believe in love at first sniff?
You had me at sniff
That’s a nice dog. Does it have a phone number?
Damn, you’re a fetch
What do you say we make this a not so silent night!
You´re all I want for Christmas
Lets go outside and feed the reindeer
Don´t care which list Santa Claus put you on, coz you´re on my ToDo.
Damn, you so fine you make that Ugly Christmas Sweater look pretty
If you leave milk and cookies out, I´ll come by later
Nice wrapping. You wan´t me to rip it off or should I go gentle
It´s all over your face. You´ve been very bad this year
I`ve got something really special in the sack for you!
Is your name Christmas? Cause I wanna merry you
Is that a candy cane in your pocket or are you just happy to see me
If a fat bearded man puts you in a bag at night, don’t worry! I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas
I have it on good authority that you and me are gonna be hearing the Angels singing tonight
Are you a present, coz I want to unwrap you
Merry Christmas!
If I sing “Jingle Bells”? Because you look like you go all the way!
If your left leg is Thanksgiving, and your right leg is Christmas, can I visit you between the holidays?
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa what I want for Xmas
You make my balls jingle
Are you spontaneous? [yes] Great, lets imagine a mistletoe above us and kiss
Oh look, a reindeer!
I cant’t keep it a secret any longer. I know what present you´re getting for Christmas. [what?]. ME!
Ho-Ho-Ho!
I’m not wearing any thermal underwear
Can I put my polar in your vortex?
If you play your cards right the highway isn’t the only thing getting plowed tonight
Hey girl, you’re still beautiful… in that ski mask
Can I have your phone number so I can protect your digits from the cold?
Girl are you a polar vortex? Cause you give me the chills
Fireplace & chill?
You and I might feel like -30 degrees, but multiplying two negative numbers makes a positive
I’m not a snowman, but you melt my heart
You can expect more than a couple inches tonight
A girl tried some polar vortex pick up lines on me once. I just gave her the cold shoulder
Girl, let’s transform this cold snap into some polar vorsex
Ice to meet you
Is that a polar bear in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Hey girl, you got me harder than the permafrost
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like you´re pretty cool
Baby, I wanna hit your iceberg and go down like the Titanic
You know what people do to survive in the cold? Snuggle up and use each other as body warmth. Are you a survivor?
It’s really slippery out there, you might wanna get insurance on that fine tush there
My fogged up glasses can’t hide that you’re smokin’
Wanna come back to my place for an ice cap?
You´re hot. I’m Cocoa. We’d go well together
They say 68% of new born babies will be Virgos this year. Wanna make that 69?
Wanna Hyber-mate?
Your blue skin brings out the color of your eyes
Hey baby, you’re so fine you make my teeth chatter, wha-wha-what’s your name?
The Lord taketh away… and the Lord… giveth me to you
Do you need prayer? Coz I´d lay hands on you
You make me want to be a better Christian
I like you how I like the Sumatran Tiger. Saved!
Is it hot in here or is that just the Holy Spirit burning inside of you?
Confession, I’ve sinned. I had impure thoughts about you, will you forgive me?
Eye for an eye? Nah, I’m more a kiss-for-a-kiss kind a guy
I’m led by the Holy Spirit, and he led me straight to you
I would like to pray with you
If we were around at the time of Noahs Ark, we´d be paired as a couple
I know you’ve sinned. Thou shalt not steal… my heart… but you just did.
Hi, my names not David, but for you I would slay two Goliaths
Your name must be Grace because you are amazing
Now I know why Solomon had 700 wives… Because he never met you.
Is your name Genesis Revelation? [no why?] I was thinking that we start from the beginning and
You’re looking for a knight in shining armour? I just happen to be wearing the armour of God
Do you need a prayer, because I can totally lay hands on you
Hey babe, I put the Stud in Bible Study
Hey, is this seat saved? [no] Are you?
Would it be breaking the 8th commandment if I stole your heart?
I believe one of my ribs belong to you
Hi. I’m doing my prayer list. Please put your name and number down
I like my men/woman like I like my bible… full of Jesus
If I walk around you 7 times, will you fall for me?
Hey babe, wanna come over? My parents are home
Jesus loves me, one day you will too!
Lets pray. Please take my hand
Is it a sin that you stole my heart
Bible study & chill?
The Lord taketh away
and here is a little dirty one…: I’m no God, but you’ll be screaming his name tonight
Are you from Africa, coz African love ya
Are you from Cuba, coz Havanasome of dat
Are you from India, coz I’m trying to get In-di-a pants
Are you from India, coz
Are you from Jamaica, coz Jamaiken me crazy
Are you from Japan, coz I’m trying to get into japanties
Are you from Korea, coz you’re my Seoul-mate
Are you from Ireland, coz when I see you my penis is Dublin
Are you from Paris, coz you are driving me in Seine
Are you from
Stockholm
Are you from Prague, coz I can’t help but Czech you out
Are you from Jakarta, coz you’re makin’ me weak Indonesia
I hope you’re not a monk, coz I’d like to go Tibet with you
Are you from Varanasi (Indian city), coz it rubbed off on you very well
Is your name Mona, coz this is Louvre at first sight
I don´t know if you noticed, but you captured my mind and the Stockholm Syndrome is in full effect
I Ecuador you
Would you allow me Dubai you a drink?
Hello, do you have a lighter I can Bora Bora
I like your moves on Gdansk floor
We Bali know each other, but Jakarta take my eyes off you
Call the Kremlin, coz I’m gonna have to annex dat body
